examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/HelloJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/HelloJob.java:37:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/HelloJob.java:37:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/HelloJob.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/HelloJob.java:39:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/HelloJob.java:48:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/HelloJob.java:48:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/HelloJob.java:51:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/HelloJob.java:61:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/HelloJob.java:65:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/HelloJob.java:65:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:40:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:41:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:46:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:47:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:54:	Local variable 'runTime' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:57:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:60:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:65:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:65:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:79:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:79:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:88:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:88:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:88:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example1/SimpleExample.java:90:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:34:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:35:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:38:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:38:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:39:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:57:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:57:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:65:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:66:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:66:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:69:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:69:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:69:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/PlugInExample.java:71:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:39:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:39:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:44:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:44:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:47:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:57:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:62:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:63:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:63:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:66:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:67:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:69:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:70:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:71:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example10/SimpleJob.java:71:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:39:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_numberOfJobs' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:39:	Private field '_numberOfJobs' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:41:	Parameter 'inNumberOfJobs' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:45:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:46:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:49:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:50:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:54:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'schedId'.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:54:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schedId' (lines '54'-'98').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:54:	Local variable 'schedId' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:58:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:58:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:61:	Local variable 'timeDelay' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:66:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:66:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:67:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:71:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:71:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:88:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:88:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:96:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:97:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:97:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:100:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:100:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:100:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numberOfJobs' (lines '102'-'104').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:102:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numberOfJobs' (lines '102'-'115').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:103:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:104:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numberOfJobs' (lines '104'-'115').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:106:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:107:	System.out.println is used
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/LoadExample.java:113:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:37:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:37:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:45:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:45:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:48:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:58:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:63:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:64:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:64:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:67:	Local variable 'delayTime' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:71:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:71:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:74:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example11/SimpleJob.java:74:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:31:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:42:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:44:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:47:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:48:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:51:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:53:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:56:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:69:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:69:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:69:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteClientExample.java:71:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:40:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:41:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:44:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:44:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:45:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:63:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:63:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:71:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:72:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:72:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:75:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:75:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:75:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/RemoteServerExample.java:77:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:39:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:39:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:45:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:45:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:48:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:58:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:63:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:65:	Local variable 'message' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:68:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:68:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:69:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example12/SimpleJob.java:69:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:31:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:74:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:74:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:76:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:76:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:76:	Parameter 'inScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:82:	Local variable 'names' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:91:	Local variable 'names' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:98:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:98:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:98:	Avoid really long methods.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:98:	Parameter 'inClearJobs' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:98:	Parameter 'inScheduleJobs' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:99:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:102:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:102:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:103:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:115:	Local variable 'schedId' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:119:	The String literal "job_" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 119
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:127:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:127:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:128:	The String literal " will run at: " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 128
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:139:	The String literal "trig_" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 139
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:141:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:141:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:155:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:155:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:168:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:168:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:181:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:181:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:196:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:196:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:204:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:204:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:204:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:204:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:205:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clearJobs' (lines '205'-'210').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:206:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'scheduleJobs' (lines '206'-'212').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clearJobs' (lines '210'-'210').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'scheduleJobs' (lines '212'-'212').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/ClusterExample.java:216:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:38:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:38:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:46:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:46:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:49:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:59:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:62:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:66:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:66:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:68:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:68:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:72:	Local variable 'delay' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:75:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:75:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:78:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '81'-'85').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '83'-'85').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:88:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:88:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryStatefulJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryStatefulJob.java:32:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example13/SimpleRecoveryStatefulJob.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:34:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:35:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:40:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:42:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:48:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:48:	The String literal "TriggerEchoJob" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 48
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:63:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:67:	Local variable 'trigger1' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:73:	Local variable 'trigger2' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:78:	Local variable 'trigger3' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:99:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:99:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:108:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:108:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:108:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/PriorityExample.java:109:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/TriggerEchoJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/TriggerEchoJob.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/TriggerEchoJob.java:41:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/TriggerEchoJob.java:41:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/TriggerEchoJob.java:44:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/TriggerEchoJob.java:54:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/TriggerEchoJob.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/TriggerEchoJob.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/TriggerEchoJob.java:56:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example14/TriggerEchoJob.java:56:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:29:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:31:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:71:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:71:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:71:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:73:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:73:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:73:	Parameter 'inScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:79:	Local variable 'names' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:88:	Local variable 'names' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:95:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:95:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:95:	Avoid really long methods.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:95:	Parameter 'inClearJobs' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:95:	Parameter 'inScheduleJobs' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:96:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:99:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:99:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:100:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:112:	Local variable 'schedId' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:116:	The String literal "job_" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 116
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:124:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:124:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:125:	The String literal " will run at: " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 125
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:136:	The String literal "trig_" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 136
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:138:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:138:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:152:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:152:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:165:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:165:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:178:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:178:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:193:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:193:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:201:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:201:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:201:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:201:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:202:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clearJobs' (lines '202'-'207').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:203:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'scheduleJobs' (lines '203'-'209').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clearJobs' (lines '207'-'207').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:209:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'scheduleJobs' (lines '209'-'209').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/ClusterExample.java:213:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:38:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:38:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:46:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:46:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:49:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:59:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:62:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:66:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:66:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:68:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:68:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:72:	Local variable 'delay' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:75:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:75:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:78:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '81'-'85').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '83'-'85').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:88:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryJob.java:88:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryStatefulJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryStatefulJob.java:33:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example15/SimpleRecoveryStatefulJob.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleJob.java:37:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleJob.java:37:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleJob.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleJob.java:42:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleJob.java:42:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleJob.java:45:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleJob.java:55:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleJob.java:60:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleJob.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleJob.java:61:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleJob.java:61:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:42:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:42:	Avoid really long methods.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:43:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:48:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:49:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:58:	Local variable 'ts' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:61:	The String literal "group1" appears 26 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 61
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like ft
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:67:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:67:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:68:	The String literal " will run at: " appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 68
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:69:	The String literal " and repeat: " appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 69
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:70:	The String literal " seconds" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 70
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:70:	The String literal " times, every " appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 70
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:77:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:77:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:88:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:88:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:98:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:98:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:109:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:109:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:119:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:119:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:129:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:129:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:148:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:148:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:166:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:166:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:175:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:175:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:182:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:182:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:192:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:193:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:193:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:197:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:197:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:197:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:197:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example2/SimpleTriggerExample.java:199:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:40:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:40:	Avoid really long methods.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:41:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:46:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:47:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:56:	The String literal "group1" appears 21 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 56
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like ft
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:61:	The String literal " has been scheduled to run at: " appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 61
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:61:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:61:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:62:	The String literal " and repeat based on expression: " appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 62
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:71:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:71:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:81:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:81:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:91:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:91:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:101:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:101:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:112:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:112:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:123:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:123:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:141:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:141:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:150:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:151:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:151:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:155:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:155:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:155:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:155:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/CronTriggerExample.java:157:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/SimpleJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/SimpleJob.java:37:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/SimpleJob.java:37:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/SimpleJob.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/SimpleJob.java:43:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/SimpleJob.java:43:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/SimpleJob.java:46:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/SimpleJob.java:56:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/SimpleJob.java:61:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/SimpleJob.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/SimpleJob.java:62:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example3/SimpleJob.java:62:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:39:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:39:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:48:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_counter' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:50:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:59:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:59:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:62:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:72:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:77:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:80:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:81:	Local variable 'favoriteColor' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:83:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:83:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/ColorJob.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:40:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:41:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:46:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:47:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:54:	Local variable 'ts' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:57:	Local variable 'job1' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:57:	The String literal "group1" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 57
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:58:	Local variable 'trigger1' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:65:	Local variable 'scheduleTime1' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:66:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:66:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:72:	Local variable 'job2' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:73:	Local variable 'trigger2' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:81:	Local variable 'scheduleTime2' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:82:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:82:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:101:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:101:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:110:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:111:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:111:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:115:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:115:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:115:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:115:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example4/JobStateExample.java:117:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:33:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:46:	Comment is too large: Line too long
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:59:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:60:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:65:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:66:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:75:	Local variable 'ts' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:79:	The String literal "group1" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 79
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like ft
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:86:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:86:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:101:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:101:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:116:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:116:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:125:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:126:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:126:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:131:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:131:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:131:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:131:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireExample.java:133:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:39:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:39:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:48:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:48:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:51:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:53:	Comment is too large: Line too long
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:60:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:62:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:63:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:63:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:66:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'delay' (lines '66'-'71').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:69:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:76:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:76:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:79:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/MisfireJob.java:79:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:56:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:56:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:67:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:69:	Comment is too large: Line too long
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:76:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:78:	System.err.println is used
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:81:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'executeCount' (lines '83'-'85').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'executeCount' (lines '83'-'88').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'executeCount' (lines '85'-'88').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'delay' (lines '92'-'94').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:99:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:99:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example5/StatefulDumbJob.java:102:	System.err.println is used
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:38:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:38:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:43:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:43:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:46:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:48:	Comment is too large: Line too long
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:55:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:57:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:58:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:58:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:64:	Local variable 'zero' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:65:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'calculation'.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:65:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'calculation' (lines '65'-'76').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:65:	Local variable 'calculation' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:66:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like e2
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:68:	Local variable 'e2' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:75:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob1.java:75:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:38:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:38:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:43:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:43:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:46:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:48:	Comment is too large: Line too long
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:55:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:57:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:58:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:58:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:64:	Local variable 'zero' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:65:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'calculation'.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:65:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'calculation' (lines '65'-'78').
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:65:	Local variable 'calculation' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:66:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like e2
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:68:	Local variable 'e2' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:77:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/BadJob2.java:77:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:42:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:43:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:48:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:49:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:58:	Local variable 'ts' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:63:	The String literal "group1" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 63
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like ft
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:67:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:67:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:78:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:78:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:92:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:92:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:101:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:102:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:102:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:105:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:105:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:105:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example6/JobExceptionExample.java:107:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:41:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:41:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:44:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for '_interrupted'
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:44:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_interrupted' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:47:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_jobName' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:47:	Perhaps '_jobName' could be replaced by a local variable.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:54:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:54:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:58:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:60:	Comment is too large: Line too long
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:67:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:71:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:71:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:80:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:81:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:86:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:86:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:94:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:94:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:98:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:109:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/DumbInterruptableJob.java:109:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:33:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:46:	Comment is too large: Line too long
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:58:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:64:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:65:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:72:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:72:	Local variable 'ts' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:74:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:76:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:82:	Avoid variables with short names like ft
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:82:	Local variable 'ft' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:83:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:83:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:99:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:99:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:108:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:109:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:109:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:113:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:113:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:113:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example7/InterruptExample.java:115:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:44:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:50:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:50:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:51:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:58:	Local variable 'holidays' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:61:	Local variable 'fourthOfJuly' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:64:	Local variable 'halloween' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:67:	Local variable 'christmas' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:76:	Local variable 'runDate' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:77:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:78:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:87:	Local variable 'firstRunTime' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:92:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:92:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:109:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:109:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:118:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:119:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:119:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:123:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:123:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:123:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:123:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/CalendarExample.java:125:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/SimpleJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/SimpleJob.java:37:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/SimpleJob.java:37:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/SimpleJob.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/SimpleJob.java:42:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/SimpleJob.java:42:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/SimpleJob.java:45:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/SimpleJob.java:55:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/SimpleJob.java:60:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/SimpleJob.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/SimpleJob.java:61:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example8/SimpleJob.java:61:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:38:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:40:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:40:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:46:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:46:	Parameter 'inContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:50:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:50:	Parameter 'inContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:54:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:54:	Parameter 'inContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:55:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:55:	Parameter 'inException' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:59:	Local variable 'job2' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:65:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/Job1Listener.java:78:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:41:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:42:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:47:	Local variable 'sf' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:48:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:55:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:56:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:62:	Local variable 'listener' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:83:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:83:	Avoid empty catch blocks
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:92:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:93:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:93:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:97:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:97:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:97:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:97:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/ListenerExample.java:99:	Local variable 'example' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob1.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob1.java:37:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob1.java:37:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob1.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob1.java:42:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob1.java:42:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob1.java:45:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob1.java:55:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob1.java:60:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob1.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob1.java:61:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob1.java:61:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob2.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob2.java:37:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_log' is not final.
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob2.java:37:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob2.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob2.java:42:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob2.java:42:	Document empty constructor
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob2.java:45:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob2.java:55:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob2.java:60:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob2.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob2.java:61:	There is log block not surrounded by if
examples/src/main/java/org/quartz/examples/example9/SimpleJob2.java:61:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:29:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:32:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_PROVIDER_URL
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RMI_ADAPTOR_JNDI_NAME
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:50:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'server'
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:53:	Document empty constructor
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:53:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:62:	Parameter 'providerURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '71'-'73').
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:75:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:81:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:96:	Local variable 'props' could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:104:	Parameter 'attribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:104:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:107:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:112:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:112:	Parameter 'attributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:112:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:115:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:120:	Parameter 'operationName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:120:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:120:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:121:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:121:	Parameter 'signature' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/JBoss4RMIRemoteMBeanScheduler.java:124:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:38:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:70:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:72:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:76:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:78:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:78:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:80:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:80:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:82:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:82:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:88:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:98:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:122:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:122:	Parameter 'jndiName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:122:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldName' (lines '123'-'138').
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:123:	Local variable 'oldName' could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:140:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:144:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:145:	The String literal "QuartzService(" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 145
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:148:	Parameter 'properties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:148:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:151:	The String literal "Must specify only one of 'Properties' or 'PropertiesFile'" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 151
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:161:	Local variable 'bais' could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:165:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:170:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:172:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:175:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:182:	Parameter 'propertiesFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:182:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:197:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:201:	Parameter 'startScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:201:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:205:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:205:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:209:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:209:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:210:	The String literal ")..." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 210
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:210:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:210:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:230:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:237:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:237:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:240:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:240:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:241:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:241:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:243:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:245:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:245:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:248:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:248:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:249:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:249:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:261:	Local variable 'scheduler' could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:268:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:275:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:275:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:278:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:278:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:279:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:279:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:282:	Local variable 'scheduler' could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:285:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:294:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:294:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:298:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rootCtx' (lines '298'-'300').
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:301:	Local variable 'fullName' could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:302:	Local variable 'scheduler' could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:308:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:313:	Parameter 'jndiName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:314:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rootCtx' (lines '314'-'316').
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:320:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzService.java:325:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzServiceMBean.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzServiceMBean.java:23:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzServiceMBean.java:54:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzServiceMBean.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzServiceMBean.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzServiceMBean.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzServiceMBean.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-jboss/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jmx/jboss/QuartzServiceMBean.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:18:	Possible God class (WMC=51, ATFD=105, TCC=0.1111111111111111)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:39:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:52:	The class 'OracleDelegate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:52:	The class 'OracleDelegate' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:52:	The class 'OracleDelegate' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:53:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:63:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:63:	Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:63:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:67:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:79:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:79:	Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:79:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:80:	Parameter 'useProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_ORACLE_JOB_DETAIL
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:84:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:84:	The String literal "UPDATE " appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 84
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:84:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:85:	The String literal " SET " appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 85
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:86:	The String literal " = ?, " appears 17 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 86
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:88:	The String literal " = ? " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 88
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:89:	The String literal " = ? AND " appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:89:	The String literal " = ?" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:89:	The String literal " WHERE " appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_ORACLE_JOB_DETAIL_BLOB
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:91:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:91:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_ORACLE_JOB_DETAIL_EMPTY_BLOB
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:96:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_ORACLE_JOB_DETAIL_BLOB
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:101:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:101:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_ORACLE_TRIGGER
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:106:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:106:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_ORACLE_TRIGGER_JOB_DETAIL_BLOB
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:118:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:118:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_ORACLE_TRIGGER_JOB_DETAIL_BLOB
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:123:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:123:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_ORACLE_TRIGGER_JOB_DETAIL_EMPTY_BLOB
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:128:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:128:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSERT_ORACLE_CALENDAR
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:134:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:134:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_ORACLE_CALENDAR_BLOB
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:138:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:138:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_ORACLE_CALENDAR_BLOB
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:142:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:142:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:150:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:150:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:150:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:150:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:153:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '153'-'158').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:154:	Local variable 'binaryInput' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:156:	Avoid variables with short names like in
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:156:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:167:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:167:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:167:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:170:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '171'-'235').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:171:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:172:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '172'-'176').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:173:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:173:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '173'-'201').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:203:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '203'-'220').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:205:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dbBlob' (lines '205'-'207').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:205:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dbBlob' (lines '205'-'235').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:209:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:223:	Local variable 'jobListeners' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:237:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:237:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:237:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:237:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:241:	Local variable 'binaryInput' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:242:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:242:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'binaryInput'
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:248:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:248:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:248:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:251:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:252:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '252'-'313').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:252:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:254:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:254:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '254'-'259').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:255:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps2' (lines '255'-'289').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:255:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ps2' (lines '255'-'313').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:256:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:256:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '256'-'283').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '285'-'295').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:288:	Local variable 'dbBlob' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:291:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:292:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:300:	Local variable 'jobListeners' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:315:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:315:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:315:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:315:	The method 'insertTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:315:	The method 'insertTrigger' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:315:	The method 'insertTrigger' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:315:	The method insertTrigger() has an NPath complexity of 366
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:315:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:316:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:318:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '318'-'320').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:320:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:323:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:323:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '323'-'329').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:324:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:324:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '324'-'379').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertResult' (lines '326'-'363').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prevFireTime' (lines '338'-'340').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:344:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:344:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:345:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:346:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:351:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:351:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:353:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'endTime' (lines '353'-'355').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:358:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:359:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:360:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:361:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:363:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'insertResult' (lines '363'-'414').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:363:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:366:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:370:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:371:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:372:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:376:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:377:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:381:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '381'-'398').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:383:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dbBlob' (lines '383'-'385').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:383:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dbBlob' (lines '383'-'414').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:387:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:390:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:391:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:394:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:398:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '398'-'414').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:407:	Local variable 'trigListeners' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:416:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:416:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:416:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:416:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:416:	The method 'updateTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:416:	The method 'updateTrigger' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:416:	The method 'updateTrigger' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:416:	The method updateTrigger() has an NPath complexity of 1089
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:416:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:417:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:420:	Local variable 'updateJobData' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:421:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '421'-'423').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:421:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '421'-'522').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:423:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '423'-'522').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:426:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:426:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '426'-'434').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:427:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps2' (lines '427'-'496').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:428:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:428:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '428'-'490').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:430:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertResult' (lines '430'-'474').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:437:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:439:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:440:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextFireTime' (lines '440'-'442').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:442:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:445:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prevFireTime' (lines '445'-'447').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:447:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:451:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:451:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:454:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:454:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:456:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:459:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:461:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:461:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:463:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'endTime' (lines '463'-'465').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:465:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:468:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:469:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:470:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:471:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:472:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:474:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:477:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:483:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:487:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:488:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:490:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:492:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'res'.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:492:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '492'-'502').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:492:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '492'-'522').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:494:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:495:	Local variable 'dbBlob' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:498:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:502:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '502'-'522').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:502:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:515:	Local variable 'trigListeners' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:517:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:524:	Parameter 'calendarName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:524:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:524:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:525:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:526:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'baos' (lines '526'-'561').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:526:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:528:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:528:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '528'-'533').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:529:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps2' (lines '529'-'546').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:529:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ps2' (lines '529'-'561').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:530:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:530:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '530'-'542').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:534:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:536:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:537:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:540:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:542:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:544:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:545:	Local variable 'dbBlob' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:545:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:548:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:549:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:551:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:551:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:563:	Parameter 'calendarName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:563:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:563:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:564:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:565:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'baos' (lines '565'-'594').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:565:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:567:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:567:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '567'-'572').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:568:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps2' (lines '568'-'579').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:568:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ps2' (lines '568'-'594').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:569:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:569:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '569'-'575').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:575:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:577:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:578:	Local variable 'dbBlob' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:581:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:582:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:584:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:584:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:596:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:596:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:596:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:599:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:600:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '600'-'632').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:600:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:600:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:602:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:602:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '602'-'607').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:603:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps2' (lines '603'-'617').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:603:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ps2' (lines '603'-'632').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:604:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:604:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '604'-'611').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:608:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:609:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:611:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:613:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '613'-'623').
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:615:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:616:	Local variable 'dbBlob' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:619:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:620:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:621:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:623:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:634:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:634:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:634:	Parameter 'column' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:634:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:634:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:634:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:636:	Local variable 'blob' could be declared final
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:643:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:648:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-oracle/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/OracleDelegate.java:648:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:38:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:48:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:48:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:48:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:52:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:64:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:64:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:64:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:65:	Parameter 'useProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:73:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:90:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:90:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:90:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '93'-'107').
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:95:	Local variable 'blobLocator' could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'binaryInput' (lines '96'-'99').
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:101:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:101:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:105:	Avoid variables with short names like in
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:105:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:116:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:116:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:116:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:116:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:120:	Local variable 'blobLocator' could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'binaryInput' (lines '121'-'124').
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:126:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:126:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/WebLogicDelegate.java:128:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:38:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:48:	Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:48:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:49:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:53:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:65:	Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:65:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:66:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:66:	Parameter 'useProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:73:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:73:	Parameter 'column' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:73:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:73:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:74:	Local variable 'blob' could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:83:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:88:	Avoid variables with short names like m
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:88:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:89:	Avoid instantiating Long objects.Call Long.valueOf() instead
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:90:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:94:	Avoid variables with short names like m
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:94:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:95:	Avoid instantiating Long objects.Call Long.valueOf() instead
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:96:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:97:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/oracle/weblogic/WebLogicOracleDelegate.java:100:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:28:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:49:	Private field 'poolName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:51:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'weblogic.jdbc.jts.Driver' due to existing import 'weblogic.jdbc.jts.Driver'
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:61:	Parameter 'poolName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:76:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'weblogic.jdbc.jts.Driver' due to existing import 'weblogic.jdbc.jts.Driver'
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'con' (lines '79'-'80').
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:79:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.sql.Connection' due to existing import 'java.sql.Connection'
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:84:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:85:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz-weblogic/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/weblogic/WeblogicConnectionProvider.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Calendar.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Calendar.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Calendar.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Calendar.java:110:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Calendar.java:110:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Calendar.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CriticalSchedulerException.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CriticalSchedulerException.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CriticalSchedulerException.java:45:	Parameter 'errCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CriticalSchedulerException.java:45:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=323, ATFD=266, TCC=0.07142857142857142)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:16:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:181:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:181:	The class 'CronExpression' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 74).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:181:	The class 'CronExpression' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 49).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:181:	The class 'CronExpression' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 49).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:183:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:185:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:186:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:187:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:188:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:189:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:190:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:191:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:192:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:193:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:194:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:194:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:195:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:195:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:197:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:197:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'monthMap' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:197:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:198:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:198:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'dayMap' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:198:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:200:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:201:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:202:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:203:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:204:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:205:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:206:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:207:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:208:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:209:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:210:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:211:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:213:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:214:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:215:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:216:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:217:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:218:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:219:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:222:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'cronExpression'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:222:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:222:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:222:	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:222:	Private field 'cronExpression' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:222:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:223:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'timeZone'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:223:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:223:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:224:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:224:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:224:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:225:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:225:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:225:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:226:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:226:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:226:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:227:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:227:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:227:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:228:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:228:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:228:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:229:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:229:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:229:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:230:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:230:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:230:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:232:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastdayOfWeek'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:232:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:232:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:233:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'nthdayOfWeek'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:233:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:233:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:234:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastdayOfMonth'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:234:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:234:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:235:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'nearestWeekday'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:235:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:235:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:236:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'expressionParsed'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:236:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:236:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:238:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:248:	Parameter 'cronExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:258:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:267:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:268:	Local variable 'testDateCal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:271:	Local variable 'originalDate' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:275:	Local variable 'timeAfter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:277:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:277:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:277:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:288:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:300:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:304:	Local variable 'adjustCal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:309:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newDate' (lines '309'-'317').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:309:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newDate' (lines '309'-'327').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:311:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:321:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:345:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:366:	Parameter 'cronExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:371:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:383:	Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:383:	The method 'buildExpression' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:383:	The method 'buildExpression' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:383:	The method 'buildExpression' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:383:	The method buildExpression() has an NPath complexity of 133122
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:383:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:412:	Local variable 'exprsTok' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:416:	Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:416:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:419:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:423:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:427:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:427:	Local variable 'vTok' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:429:	Avoid variables with short names like v
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:429:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:445:	Local variable 'dow' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:446:	Local variable 'dom' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:449:	Local variable 'dayOfMSpec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:449:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:450:	Local variable 'dayOfWSpec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:452:	Avoid empty if statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:454:	Avoid empty if statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:460:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:462:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:463:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:468:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:468:	Avoid variables with short names like s
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:468:	Parameter 'pos' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:468:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:468:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:468:	The method 'storeExpressionVals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 65.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:468:	The method 'storeExpressionVals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 43.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:468:	The method 'storeExpressionVals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 43.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:468:	The method storeExpressionVals() has an NCSS line count of 132
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:468:	The method storeExpressionVals() has an NPath complexity of 2358860
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:468:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:471:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:471:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'incr' (lines '471'-'538').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:471:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'incr' (lines '471'-'587').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:471:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'incr' (lines '471'-'605').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:471:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'incr' (lines '471'-'646').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:472:	Avoid variables with short names like i
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:474:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:476:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:477:	Position literals first in String comparisons
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:477:	Position literals first in String comparisons
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:477:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:477:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:477:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:477:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:479:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sval' (lines '479'-'482').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:479:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sval' (lines '479'-'498').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:479:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sval' (lines '479'-'646').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:480:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eval' (lines '480'-'491').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:480:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eval' (lines '480'-'508').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:480:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'eval' (lines '480'-'646').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:488:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:505:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:514:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:521:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:522:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:526:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:541:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:541:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:544:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:547:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:557:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:566:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:572:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:577:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:581:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:589:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '589'-'591').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:590:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:595:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:597:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:599:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:601:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:609:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:610:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:620:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:625:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:634:	Avoid variables with short names like vs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:634:	Local variable 'vs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:636:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '636'-'638').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:639:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:648:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:648:	Avoid variables with short names like s
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:648:	Parameter 'pos' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:648:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:648:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:648:	Parameter 'val' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:648:	The method 'checkNext' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:648:	The method 'checkNext' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:648:	The method 'checkNext' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:648:	The method checkNext() has an NPath complexity of 92610
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:648:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:651:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'end' (lines '651'-'713').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:651:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'end' (lines '651'-'776').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:652:	Avoid variables with short names like i
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:656:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:659:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:661:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:663:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:669:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:670:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:672:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:675:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:681:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:682:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:684:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:687:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:697:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:698:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:703:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:704:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:706:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:709:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:712:	Avoid variables with short names like v
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:712:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:713:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'end' (lines '713'-'723').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:717:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:721:	Avoid variables with short names like vs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:721:	Local variable 'vs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:722:	Avoid variables with short names like v1
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:722:	Local variable 'v1' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:726:	Avoid assignments in operands
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:726:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '726'-'728').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:726:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '726'-'776').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:726:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:729:	Avoid variables with short names like v2
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:729:	Local variable 'v2' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:733:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:737:	Avoid variables with short names like vs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:737:	Local variable 'vs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:738:	Avoid variables with short names like v3
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:738:	Local variable 'v3' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:741:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:744:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:748:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:752:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:755:	Avoid variables with short names like v2
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:755:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'v2' (lines '755'-'776').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:755:	Local variable 'v2' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:759:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:763:	Avoid variables with short names like vs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:763:	Local variable 'vs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:764:	Avoid variables with short names like v3
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:764:	Local variable 'v3' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:767:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:778:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:782:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:783:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:783:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 148 characters appended.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:785:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:786:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:787:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:787:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:787:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:788:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:789:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:790:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:790:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:790:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:791:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:792:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:793:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:793:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:793:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:794:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:795:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:796:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:796:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:796:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:797:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:798:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:799:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:799:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:799:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:800:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:801:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:802:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:802:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:802:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:803:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:804:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:805:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:805:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:805:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:806:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:807:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:808:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:808:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:808:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:809:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:810:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:811:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:811:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:811:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:812:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:813:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:814:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:814:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:814:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:815:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:816:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:817:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:822:	Parameter 'set' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:822:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:825:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:828:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:831:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:833:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:834:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'first' (lines '834'-'846').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:836:	Local variable 'iVal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:837:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:837:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:839:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:839:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:841:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:842:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'first' (lines '842'-'846').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:845:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:848:	Avoid using implementation types like 'java.util.ArrayList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:848:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:848:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:851:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:854:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:857:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:859:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:860:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'first' (lines '860'-'872').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:862:	Local variable 'iVal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:863:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:863:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:865:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:865:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:867:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:868:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'first' (lines '868'-'872').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:871:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:874:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'i'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:874:	Avoid variables with short names like i
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:874:	Avoid variables with short names like s
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:874:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:874:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:882:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'i'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:882:	Avoid variables with short names like i
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:882:	Avoid variables with short names like s
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:882:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:882:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:890:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:890:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'incr'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:890:	Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:890:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:890:	Parameter 'val' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:890:	The method 'addToSet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 74.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:890:	The method 'addToSet' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 37.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:890:	The method 'addToSet' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 43.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:890:	The method addToSet() has an NCSS line count of 101
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:890:	The method addToSet() has an NPath complexity of 1041390
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:890:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:893:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:893:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'set' (lines '893'-'1.021').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:893:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:896:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:902:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:907:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:908:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:913:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:918:	These nested if statements could be combined
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:918:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:919:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:926:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:927:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:929:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:940:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:990:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '990'-'993').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:990:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '990'-'994').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:990:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '990'-'995').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:990:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '990'-'996').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:990:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '990'-'997').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:990:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '990'-'998').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:990:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '990'-'1.021').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1008:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1008:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1011:	Avoid variables with short names like i2
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1018:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1018:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1023:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1023:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1023:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1026:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1028:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1030:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1032:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1034:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1036:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1038:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1044:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'i'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1044:	Avoid variables with short names like i
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1044:	Avoid variables with short names like s
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1044:	Avoid variables with short names like v
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1044:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1044:	Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1044:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1045:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1046:	Avoid variables with short names like s1
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1048:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1055:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1057:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1062:	Avoid variables with short names like i
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1062:	Avoid variables with short names like s
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1062:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1062:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1062:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1063:	Local variable 'endOfVal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1064:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1068:	Avoid variables with short names like s
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1068:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1068:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1069:	Local variable 'integer' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1072:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1075:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1078:	Avoid variables with short names like s
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1078:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1078:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1079:	Local variable 'integer' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1082:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1085:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1094:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1094:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'afterTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1094:	The method 'getTimeAfter' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 65.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1094:	The method 'getTimeAfter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 49.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1094:	The method 'getTimeAfter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 49.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1094:	The method getTimeAfter() has an NCSS line count of 281
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1094:	The method getTimeAfter() has an NPath complexity of 3576961
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1094:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1097:	Avoid variables with short names like cl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1097:	Local variable 'cl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1111:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1112:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1115:	Avoid variables with short names like st
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'st' (lines '1.115'-'1.122').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1116:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '1.116'-'1.134').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'min' (lines '1.119'-'1.132').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1122:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1122:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1123:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1133:	Avoid variables with short names like hr
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1134:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '1.134'-'1.139').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1137:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1137:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1138:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '1.155'-'1.160').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1158:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1158:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1159:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '1.179'-'1.189').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '1.179'-'1.192').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '1.179'-'1.228').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '1.179'-'1.264').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '1.179'-'1.425').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1180:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tmon' (lines '1.180'-'1.486').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1180:	Local variable 'tmon' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1183:	Local variable 'dayOfMSpec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1184:	Local variable 'dayOfWSpec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1186:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1186:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1186:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'st' (lines '1.186'-'1.434').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1186:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'st' (lines '1.186'-'1.486').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1188:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1195:	Local variable 'tcal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1195:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1195:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.getInstance' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1203:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ldom' (lines '1.203'-'1.486').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1203:	Local variable 'ldom' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1204:	Local variable 'dow' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1221:	Local variable 'nTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1231:	Local variable 'tcal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1231:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1231:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.getInstance' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1239:	Local variable 'ldom' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1240:	Local variable 'dow' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1258:	Local variable 'nTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1263:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1267:	Local variable 'lastDay' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1290:	Local variable 'dow' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1292:	Local variable 'cDow' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1292:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1293:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'daysToAdd' (lines '1.293'-'1.295').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1293:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'daysToAdd' (lines '1.293'-'1.298').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1295:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'daysToAdd' (lines '1.295'-'1.298').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1301:	Local variable 'lDay' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1309:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1325:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1331:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1333:	Local variable 'dow' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1335:	Local variable 'cDow' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1357:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1359:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1360:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1361:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1362:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1363:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1367:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1369:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1370:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1371:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1376:	Local variable 'cDow' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1376:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1377:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1379:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1379:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1380:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1392:	Local variable 'lDay' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1399:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1400:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1404:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1405:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1406:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1407:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1408:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1421:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mon' (lines '1.421'-'1.486').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1425:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '1.425'-'1.436').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1425:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '1.425'-'1.486').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1430:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1434:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1434:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1435:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1437:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1437:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1437:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1439:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1440:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'year' (lines '1.440'-'1.457').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1444:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1445:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1446:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1447:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1457:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1458:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '1.458'-'1.463').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1458:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '1.458'-'1.486').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1461:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1461:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1462:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1462:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1464:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1464:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1464:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1466:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1470:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1471:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1472:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1473:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1474:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1477:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1480:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1485:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1495:	Parameter 'cal' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1495:	Parameter 'hour' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1496:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.HOUR_OF_DAY' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1497:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.HOUR_OF_DAY' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1498:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.HOUR_OF_DAY' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1506:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1520:	Parameter 'year' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1520:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1521:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1521:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1524:	Parameter 'monthNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1524:	Parameter 'year' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1524:	The method 'getLastDayOfMonth' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1524:	The method 'getLastDayOfMonth' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1524:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1528:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1530:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1530:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1532:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1534:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1536:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1538:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1540:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1542:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1544:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1546:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1548:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1558:	Parameter 'stream' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1564:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1564:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1568:	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1568:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1568:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1569:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'copy' (lines '1.569'-'1.571').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1571:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'copy' (lines '1.571'-'1.578').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1572:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1575:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1581:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1581:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1582:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronExpression.java:1584:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:18:	Possible God class (WMC=89, ATFD=53, TCC=0.10826210826210826)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:79:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:85:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:91:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:97:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:103:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:109:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:139:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:145:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:175:	The class 'CronTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:175:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION_FIRE_ONCE_NOW
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:203:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:212:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION_DO_NOTHING
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:214:	Avoid excessively long variable names like YEAR_TO_GIVEUP_SCHEDULING_AT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:214:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:225:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'cronEx'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:225:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:225:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:226:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'startTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:226:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:227:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'endTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:227:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:228:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'nextFireTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:228:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:229:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'previousFireTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:229:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:230:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'timeZone'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:230:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:240:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:256:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:266:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:270:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:280:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:280:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:286:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:297:	Parameter 'cronExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:297:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:297:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:308:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:319:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:319:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:319:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:320:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:326:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:338:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:338:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:338:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:339:	Parameter 'cronExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:339:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:348:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:351:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:351:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:351:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:352:	Parameter 'cronExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:352:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:352:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:358:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:376:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:376:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:376:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:377:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'startTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:377:	Parameter 'cronExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:377:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:377:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:394:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:418:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:424:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:432:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:432:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:432:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:433:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'startTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:433:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:433:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:434:	Parameter 'cronExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:434:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:461:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:461:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:461:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:462:	Local variable 'copy' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:464:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:469:	Parameter 'cronExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:469:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:470:	Local variable 'origTz' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:475:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:485:	Parameter 'cronExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:499:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:499:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:504:	Local variable 'eTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:505:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:514:	Avoid variables with short names like cl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:514:	Local variable 'cl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:515:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:516:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:518:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:533:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:533:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:534:	Local variable 'sTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:535:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:543:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:545:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:553:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:557:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:579:	Parameter 'nextFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:583:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:592:	Parameter 'previousFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:605:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:614:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:626:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:633:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:645:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'afterTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:645:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'afterTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:650:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:651:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:654:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:655:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:658:	Local variable 'pot' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:659:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:660:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:666:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:679:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:680:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:682:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:685:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:685:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:685:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:685:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:685:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:686:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:699:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:702:	Avoid excessively long variable names like misfireInstruction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:702:	Parameter 'misfireInstruction' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:702:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:704:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:708:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:714:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:725:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:729:	Parameter 'cal' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:739:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:748:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:762:	Parameter 'test' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:766:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:783:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'test'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:783:	Parameter 'dayOnly' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:795:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:795:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testTime' (lines '795'-'821').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:795:	Local variable 'testTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:797:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:799:	Avoid variables with short names like p
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:799:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:800:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:802:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'year' (lines '802'-'821').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:802:	Local variable 'year' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:802:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:803:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'month' (lines '803'-'821').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:803:	Local variable 'month' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:803:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:804:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'day' (lines '804'-'821').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:804:	Local variable 'day' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:804:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:807:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:807:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:812:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:816:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:817:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:823:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:826:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:844:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:845:	Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:847:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:851:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:855:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:859:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:865:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:875:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:889:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:889:	Parameter 'misfireThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:889:	The method 'updateWithNewCalendar' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:897:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'now' (lines '897'-'921').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:897:	Local variable 'now' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:902:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:907:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:907:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:907:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:907:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:908:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:909:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:909:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:910:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:914:	Local variable 'diff' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:914:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:923:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:936:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:940:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:941:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:951:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:970:	Parameter 'afterTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:970:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:971:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:978:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/CronTrigger.java:979:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:19:	Possible God class (WMC=106, ATFD=83, TCC=0.10144927536231885)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.ParseException'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:27:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:31:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:32:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:36:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:37:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:38:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:39:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:40:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:41:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:42:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:55:	The class 'DateIntervalTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 33).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:55:	The class 'DateIntervalTrigger' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 27).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:55:	The class 'DateIntervalTrigger' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 27).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION_FIRE_ONCE_NOW
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:77:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION_DO_NOTHING
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like YEAR_TO_GIVEUP_SCHEDULING_AT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:88:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:90:	enumCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:100:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'startTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:100:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:102:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'endTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:102:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:104:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'nextFireTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:104:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:106:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'previousFireTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:106:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:108:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'repeatInterval'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:108:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repeatIntervalUnit
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:110:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:112:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'timesTriggered'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:112:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:114:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'complete'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:114:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:114:	Private field 'complete' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:114:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:139:	Parameter 'intervalUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:139:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:139:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:149:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:149:	Parameter 'intervalUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:149:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:150:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:154:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:171:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:171:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:172:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:172:	Parameter 'intervalUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:172:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:176:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:193:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:193:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:193:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:194:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:194:	Parameter 'intervalUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:194:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:203:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:221:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:221:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:221:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:222:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:222:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:222:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:223:	Parameter 'intervalUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:223:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:247:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:261:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:266:	Local variable 'eTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:288:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:298:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:299:	Local variable 'sTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:318:	Parameter 'intervalUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:324:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:325:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:333:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:335:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:336:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:343:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:368:	Parameter 'timesTriggered' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:373:	Avoid excessively long variable names like misfireInstruction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:373:	Parameter 'misfireInstruction' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:373:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:375:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:379:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:386:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:389:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:397:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:402:	Parameter 'cal' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:426:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:437:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:447:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:451:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:451:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:451:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:451:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:451:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.getInstance' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:452:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:453:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:454:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:465:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:465:	Parameter 'misfireThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:465:	The method 'updateWithNewCalendar' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:473:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'now' (lines '473'-'495').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:473:	Local variable 'now' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:478:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:482:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:482:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:482:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:482:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.getInstance' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:483:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:484:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:485:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:489:	Local variable 'diff' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:489:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:497:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:510:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:515:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:523:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:527:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:527:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:527:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:527:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:527:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.getInstance' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:528:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:529:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:529:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:530:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:537:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:540:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:559:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:560:	Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:562:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:566:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:570:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:574:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:580:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:582:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:590:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:610:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:619:	Parameter 'nextFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:623:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:632:	Parameter 'previousFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:643:	Parameter 'afterTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:647:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:647:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'afterTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:647:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'afterTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:647:	Parameter 'ignoreEndTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:647:	The method 'getFireTimeAfter' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:647:	The method 'getFireTimeAfter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:647:	The method 'getFireTimeAfter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:647:	The method getFireTimeAfter() has an NPath complexity of 13320
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:647:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:649:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:661:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:661:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startMillis' (lines '661'-'798').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:661:	Local variable 'startMillis' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:661:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:662:	Local variable 'afterMillis' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:663:	Local variable 'endMillis' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:663:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:666:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:667:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:671:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:675:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondsAfterStart' (lines '675'-'798').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:675:	Local variable 'secondsAfterStart' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:677:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'time' (lines '677'-'692').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:677:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'time' (lines '677'-'699').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:677:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'time' (lines '677'-'706').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:677:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'time' (lines '677'-'738').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:677:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'time' (lines '677'-'769').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:677:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'time' (lines '677'-'782').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:677:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'time' (lines '677'-'790').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:678:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'repeatLong' (lines '678'-'798').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:678:	Local variable 'repeatLong' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:680:	Local variable 'aTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:681:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:683:	Local variable 'sTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:685:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:687:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:688:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jumpCount' (lines '688'-'690').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:689:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:691:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:692:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:696:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:698:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:699:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:701:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:703:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:705:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:706:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:708:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:709:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:723:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:724:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:725:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:726:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:727:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:729:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:730:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:730:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.DAY_OF_YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:734:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:734:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:735:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:735:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:735:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:735:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:736:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:736:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.DAY_OF_YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:738:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:740:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:741:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:755:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:756:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:757:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:758:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:759:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:761:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:762:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:762:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.WEEK_OF_YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:765:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:765:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:766:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:766:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:766:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:766:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:767:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:767:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.WEEK_OF_YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:769:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:771:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:772:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:778:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:778:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:779:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:779:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:779:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:779:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:780:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:780:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.MONTH' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:782:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:784:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:786:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:786:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:787:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:787:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:787:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:787:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:788:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:788:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:790:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:793:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:793:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:794:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:800:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:810:	The method 'getFinalFireTime' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:810:	The method 'getFinalFireTime' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:810:	The method 'getFinalFireTime' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:812:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:816:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fTime' (lines '816'-'818').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:816:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:821:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:821:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:822:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:826:	Local variable 'lTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:827:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:828:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:830:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:831:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:831:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.SECOND' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:833:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:834:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:834:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.MINUTE' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:836:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:837:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:837:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.HOUR_OF_DAY' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:839:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:840:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:840:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.DAY_OF_YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:842:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:843:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:843:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.WEEK_OF_YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:845:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:846:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:846:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.MONTH' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:848:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:849:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:849:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Calendar.YEAR' due to existing import 'java.util.Calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:852:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:862:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:865:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTrigger.java:877:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/InterruptableJob.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/InterruptableJob.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/InterruptableJob.java:82:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Job.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Job.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Job.java:44:	Avoid short class names like Job
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Job.java:54:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Job.java:56:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:59:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:85:	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:105:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:105:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:106:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:106:	Avoid unnecessary temporaries when converting primitives to Strings
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:106:	Local variable 'strValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:117:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:117:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:118:	Local variable 'strValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:129:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:129:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:130:	Local variable 'strValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:141:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:141:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:142:	Local variable 'strValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:153:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:153:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:154:	Avoid unnecessary temporaries when converting primitives to Strings
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:154:	Local variable 'strValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:165:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:165:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:166:	Local variable 'strValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:177:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:177:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:178:	Avoid unnecessary temporaries when converting primitives to Strings
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:178:	Local variable 'strValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:189:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:189:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:190:	Local variable 'strValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:201:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:201:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:202:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:202:	Avoid unnecessary temporaries when converting primitives to Strings
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:202:	Local variable 'strValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:213:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:213:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:214:	Local variable 'strValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:225:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:225:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:226:	Avoid instantiating Long objects.Call Long.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:226:	Avoid unnecessary temporaries when converting primitives to Strings
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:226:	Local variable 'strValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:237:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:237:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:238:	Local variable 'strValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:245:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:251:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:252:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:254:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:259:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:265:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:266:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:269:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:277:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:283:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:284:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:286:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:291:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:297:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:298:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:300:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:303:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:312:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:313:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:316:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:324:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:330:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:331:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:333:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:338:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:344:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:345:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:352:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:358:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:359:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:361:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:366:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:372:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:373:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:380:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:386:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:387:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:390:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:398:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:404:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:405:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:412:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:418:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:419:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:426:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:432:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:433:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:436:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:444:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:450:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:451:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:458:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:464:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:465:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:467:	Avoid instantiating Long objects.Call Long.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:472:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:478:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:479:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:482:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:490:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:496:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:497:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDataMap.java:499:	Avoid instantiating Long objects.Call Long.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:19:	Possible God class (WMC=53, ATFD=14, TCC=0.09401709401709402)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:43:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:55:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:55:	The class 'JobDetail' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:71:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:73:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:75:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'volatility'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:75:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:75:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:77:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'durability'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:77:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:77:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:79:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'shouldRecover'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:79:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:79:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:81:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:81:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:83:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'key'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:83:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:93:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:109:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:111:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:120:	Parameter 'jobClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:120:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:124:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:135:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:135:	Parameter 'jobClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:135:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:141:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:152:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:152:	Parameter 'jobClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:152:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:153:	Parameter 'durability' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:153:	Parameter 'recover' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:153:	Parameter 'volatility' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:187:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:188:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:204:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:214:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'group'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:215:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:237:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:264:	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:285:	Parameter 'jobClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:315:	Parameter 'jobDataMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:319:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:345:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:356:	Parameter 'volatility' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:360:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:370:	Parameter 'durability' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:374:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:387:	Parameter 'shouldRecover' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:391:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:409:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:428:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:433:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:436:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:436:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:439:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:464:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:465:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:479:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:483:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:503:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:503:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:509:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:509:	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:509:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:511:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:514:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:516:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:517:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:519:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:519:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:519:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:520:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:523:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:524:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:526:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:526:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:526:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:527:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:533:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:534:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:537:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:537:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:542:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobDetail.java:547:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:68:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:78:	Private field 'scheduler' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:78:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:80:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:80:	Private field 'trigger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:80:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:82:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:82:	Private field 'jobDetail' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:82:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:84:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:84:	Private field 'jobDataMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:84:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:86:	Private field 'job' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:86:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:88:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:88:	Private field 'calendar' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:88:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:90:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'recovering'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:90:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:90:	Private field 'recovering' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:90:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:92:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'numRefires'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:92:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:92:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:94:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:94:	Private field 'fireTime' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:94:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:96:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:96:	Private field 'scheduledFireTime' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:98:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:98:	Private field 'prevFireTime' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:98:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:100:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:100:	Private field 'nextFireTime' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:100:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:102:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:104:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:106:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:106:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:106:	Private field 'data' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:106:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:121:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:122:	Parameter 'firedBundle' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:122:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:169:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:187:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:191:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:195:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:233:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:272:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:276:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:280:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:290:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:308:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:319:	Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:338:	Parameter 'jobRunTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:342:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:353:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:353:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionContext.java:362:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:26:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:51:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'refire'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:53:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'unscheduleTrigg'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unscheduleAllTriggs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:55:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'unscheduleAllTriggs'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:71:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:71:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:79:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:88:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:98:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:98:	Parameter 'refireImmediately' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:108:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:108:	Parameter 'refireImmediately' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:120:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:120:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:130:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:130:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:131:	Parameter 'refireImmediately' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:141:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:141:	Parameter 'refireImmediately' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:155:	Parameter 'refire' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:155:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:159:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:163:	Parameter 'unscheduleTrigg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:163:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:167:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unscheduleAllTriggs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:171:	Parameter 'unscheduleAllTriggs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:171:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobExecutionException.java:175:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobListener.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobListener.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobListener.java:52:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobListener.java:54:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobListener.java:68:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobListener.java:70:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobListener.java:83:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobPersistenceException.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobPersistenceException.java:44:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobPersistenceException.java:55:	Parameter 'errCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobPersistenceException.java:55:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobPersistenceException.java:65:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobPersistenceException.java:65:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobPersistenceException.java:76:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobPersistenceException.java:76:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/JobPersistenceException.java:76:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:18:	Possible God class (WMC=113, ATFD=89, TCC=0.06403940886699508)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:24:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:68:	The class 'NthIncludedDayTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 16).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:68:	The class 'NthIncludedDayTrigger' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:68:	The class 'NthIncludedDayTrigger' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:73:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:73:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION_FIRE_ONCE_NOW
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION_DO_NOTHING
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTERVAL_TYPE_MONTHLY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTERVAL_TYPE_YEARLY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:102:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTERVAL_TYPE_WEEKLY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:116:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:117:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:118:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:118:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:119:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:119:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:120:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:120:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:122:	Avoid variables with short names like n
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:122:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:123:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:124:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:124:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:125:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'fireAtMinute'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:125:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:125:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:126:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'fireAtSecond'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:126:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:126:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextFireCutoffInterval
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:127:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:129:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:131:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:148:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:163:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:167:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:182:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:182:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:186:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:201:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:201:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:201:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:202:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:206:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:206:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:206:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:207:	Local variable 'copy' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:208:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:214:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:226:	Avoid variables with short names like n
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:226:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:245:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:264:	Parameter 'intervalType' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:281:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:294:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:307:	Parameter 'fireAtTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:310:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newFireSecond' (lines '310'-'318').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:310:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newFireSecond' (lines '310'-'343').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:313:	Avoid variables with short names like i
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:313:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:314:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newFireHour' (lines '314'-'343').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:315:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newFireMinute' (lines '315'-'343').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:318:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newFireSecond' (lines '318'-'343').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:320:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:321:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:322:	The String literal "Could not parse time expression '" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 322
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:326:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:326:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:330:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:330:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:334:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:334:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:345:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:356:	Local variable 'format' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:357:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:358:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:359:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:361:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:361:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:362:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:362:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:363:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:363:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:366:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:394:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextFireCutoffInterval
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:394:	Parameter 'nextFireCutoffInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:398:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:419:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:431:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:435:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:453:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:464:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:465:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:471:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:484:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:493:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:497:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:514:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:551:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:586:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'afterTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:586:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'afterTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:591:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:596:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:598:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:600:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:606:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:616:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:617:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:620:	Local variable 'currCal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:620:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:621:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:621:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:623:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:624:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:624:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:624:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:624:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:624:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:625:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:627:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:639:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:642:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:645:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:659:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:667:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:678:	Parameter 'jobCtx' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:679:	Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:681:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:685:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:689:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:693:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:699:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:711:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:720:	Avoid excessively long variable names like misfireInstruction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:720:	Parameter 'misfireInstruction' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:721:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:721:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:722:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:723:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:724:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:730:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:741:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:757:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:766:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:767:	Parameter 'misfireThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:768:	Local variable 'now' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:772:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:774:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:774:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:774:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:774:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:775:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:777:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:782:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:795:	Parameter 'afterDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:795:	The method 'getWeeklyFireTimeAfter' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:795:	The method 'getWeeklyFireTimeAfter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:795:	The method 'getWeeklyFireTimeAfter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:795:	The method getWeeklyFireTimeAfter() has an NPath complexity of 616
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:803:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:804:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:806:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:807:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:807:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:808:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:809:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:812:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:813:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:814:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:817:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:817:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:818:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:818:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:819:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:819:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:820:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:822:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:824:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:824:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:825:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:825:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:827:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:828:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currN' (lines '828'-'838').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:829:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'weekCount' (lines '829'-'877').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:830:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currWeek' (lines '830'-'877').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:830:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:836:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:837:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:837:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:837:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:837:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:837:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:842:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:846:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:847:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:847:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:847:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:847:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:847:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:847:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:847:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:848:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:856:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:861:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:862:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:863:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:865:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:867:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currN' (lines '867'-'877').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:873:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:873:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:879:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:892:	Parameter 'afterDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:892:	The method 'getMonthlyFireTimeAfter' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:892:	The method 'getMonthlyFireTimeAfter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:892:	The method 'getMonthlyFireTimeAfter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:892:	The method getMonthlyFireTimeAfter() has an NPath complexity of 232
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:900:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:901:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:903:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:904:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:904:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:905:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:906:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:906:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:907:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:907:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:908:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:908:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:909:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:911:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:913:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:913:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:914:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:914:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:916:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:917:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currN' (lines '917'-'927').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:918:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'monthCount' (lines '918'-'960').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:919:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currMonth' (lines '919'-'960').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:919:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:925:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:926:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:926:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:926:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:926:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:926:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:931:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:935:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:936:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:937:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:945:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:948:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:949:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:950:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currN' (lines '950'-'960').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:956:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:956:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:962:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:975:	Parameter 'afterDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:975:	The method 'getYearlyFireTimeAfter' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:975:	The method 'getYearlyFireTimeAfter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:975:	The method 'getYearlyFireTimeAfter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:975:	The method getYearlyFireTimeAfter() has an NPath complexity of 232
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:984:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:986:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:987:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:987:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:989:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:989:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:990:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:990:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:991:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:991:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:992:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:994:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:996:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:996:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:997:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:997:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:999:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1000:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currN' (lines '1.000'-'1.010').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1001:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'yearCount' (lines '1.001'-'1.045').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1002:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currYear' (lines '1.002'-'1.045').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1002:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1008:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1009:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1009:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1009:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1009:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1009:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1014:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1018:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1019:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1019:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1019:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1019:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1019:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1019:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1019:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1020:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1028:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1031:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1032:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1034:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1035:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currN' (lines '1.035'-'1.045').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1041:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTrigger.java:1041:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ObjectAlreadyExistsException.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ObjectAlreadyExistsException.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ObjectAlreadyExistsException.java:24:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ObjectAlreadyExistsException.java:47:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ObjectAlreadyExistsException.java:51:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ObjectAlreadyExistsException.java:62:	Parameter 'offendingJob' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ObjectAlreadyExistsException.java:68:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ObjectAlreadyExistsException.java:79:	Parameter 'offendingTrigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:19:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:40:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:52:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:53:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:84:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:105:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:105:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_MANUAL_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:132:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_RECOVERY_GROUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:143:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_FAIL_OVER_GROUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FAILED_JOB_ORIGINAL_TRIGGER_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FAILED_JOB_ORIGINAL_TRIGGER_GROUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:183:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FAILED_JOB_ORIGINAL_TRIGGER_FIRETIME_IN_MILLISECONDS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:221:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:223:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:244:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:262:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:278:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:280:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:310:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:325:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:341:	Avoid excessively long variable names like waitForJobsToComplete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:351:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:364:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:387:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:409:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:428:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:449:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:471:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:475:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:492:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:523:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:537:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:562:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:588:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:603:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:620:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:636:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:652:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:667:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:686:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:766:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:781:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:799:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:824:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:872:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:895:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:912:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:914:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:926:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:928:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:951:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:979:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:981:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:991:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:1001:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:1003:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:1007:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:1017:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:1019:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:1031:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:1056:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Scheduler.java:1095:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerConfigException.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerConfigException.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerConfigException.java:45:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerConfigException.java:55:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerConfigException.java:55:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerContext.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerContext.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerContext.java:43:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerContext.java:54:	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.PrintStream'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.PrintWriter'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:25:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:32:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_BAD_CONFIGURATION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_TIME_BROKER_FAILURE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_COMMUNICATION_FAILURE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_UNSUPPORTED_FUNCTION_IN_THIS_CONFIGURATION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PERSISTENCE_JOB_DOES_NOT_EXIST
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PERSISTENCE_CALENDAR_DOES_NOT_EXIST
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PERSISTENCE_TRIGGER_DOES_NOT_EXIST
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PERSISTENCE_CRITICAL_FAILURE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_THREAD_POOL_EXHAUSTED
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:71:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_THREAD_POOL_CRITICAL_FAILURE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:73:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:75:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_JOB_LISTENER_NOT_FOUND
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:77:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_TRIGGER_LISTENER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:79:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_TRIGGER_LISTENER_NOT_FOUND
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:81:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_JOB_EXECUTION_THREW_EXCEPTION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:83:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_TRIGGER_THREW_EXCEPTION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:85:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:95:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:109:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:113:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:113:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:118:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:122:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:122:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:122:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:126:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:126:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:126:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:140:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:156:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:171:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:183:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:194:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:204:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:214:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:219:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:224:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:234:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:244:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:247:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:248:	Local variable 'cause' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerException.java:250:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerFactory.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerFactory.java:23:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerFactory.java:25:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:33:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:45:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:53:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:61:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:67:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:69:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:80:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:82:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:95:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:103:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:109:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:111:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:123:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:125:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:137:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerListener.java:140:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:25:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:31:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:41:	Private field 'schedName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:43:	Private field 'schedInst' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:45:	Private field 'schedClass' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:47:	Private field 'isRemote' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:49:	Private field 'started' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:51:	Field isInStandbyMode has the same name as a method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:51:	Private field 'isInStandbyMode' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:53:	Private field 'shutdown' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:55:	Private field 'startTime' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:57:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:57:	Private field 'numJobsExec' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:59:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:59:	Private field 'jsClass' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:61:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:61:	Private field 'jsPersistent' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:63:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:63:	Private field 'jsClustered' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:65:	Private field 'tpClass' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:67:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:67:	Private field 'tpSize' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:69:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:69:	Private field 'version' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:79:	Avoid long parameter lists.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:79:	Parameter 'schedInst' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:79:	Parameter 'schedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:80:	Parameter 'isRemote' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:80:	Parameter 'schedClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:80:	Parameter 'started' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:81:	Parameter 'isInStandbyMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:81:	Parameter 'numJobsExec' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:81:	Parameter 'shutdown' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:81:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:82:	Parameter 'jsClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:82:	Parameter 'jsClustered' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:82:	Parameter 'jsPersistent' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:82:	Parameter 'tpClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:82:	Parameter 'tpSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:83:	Parameter 'version' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:167:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:275:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:281:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:283:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:293:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:299:	Local variable 'str' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:299:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 35, but has at least 270 characters appended.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:300:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:301:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:303:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:304:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:305:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:306:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:306:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:308:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:309:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:309:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:310:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:316:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:318:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:319:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:325:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:335:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:335:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:335:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:337:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:338:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:339:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:339:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:339:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:341:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:342:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:343:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:344:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:345:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 3 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:345:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:346:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:346:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:348:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:349:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SchedulerMetaData.java:361:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:19:	Possible God class (WMC=110, ATFD=32, TCC=0.18233618233618235)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:24:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:26:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:37:	The class 'SimpleTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 31).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:37:	The class 'SimpleTrigger' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 22).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:37:	The class 'SimpleTrigger' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 22).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:56:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:66:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION_FIRE_NOW
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:72:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION_RESCHEDULE_NOW_WITH_EXISTING_REPEAT_COUNT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:91:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION_RESCHEDULE_NOW_WITH_REMAINING_REPEAT_COUNT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:119:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION_RESCHEDULE_NEXT_WITH_REMAINING_COUNT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:135:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION_RESCHEDULE_NEXT_WITH_EXISTING_COUNT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REPEAT_INDEFINITELY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like YEAR_TO_GIVEUP_SCHEDULING_AT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:161:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:171:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'startTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:171:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:173:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'endTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:173:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:175:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'nextFireTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:175:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:177:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'previousFireTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:177:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:179:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'repeatCount'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:179:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:181:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'repeatInterval'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:181:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:183:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'timesTriggered'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:183:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:185:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'complete'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:185:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:185:	Private field 'complete' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:185:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:210:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:220:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:220:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:230:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:230:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:230:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:240:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:240:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:240:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:241:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:251:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:251:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:261:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:261:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:261:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:265:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:284:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:284:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:285:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:285:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:285:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:289:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:308:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:308:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:308:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:309:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:309:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:309:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:318:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:337:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:337:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:337:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:338:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:338:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:338:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:338:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:339:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:373:	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:378:	Local variable 'eTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:399:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:408:	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:409:	Local variable 'sTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:430:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:440:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:452:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:460:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:462:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:469:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:494:	Parameter 'timesTriggered' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:498:	Avoid excessively long variable names like misfireInstruction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:498:	Parameter 'misfireInstruction' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:498:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:500:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:504:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:510:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:524:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:530:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:535:	Parameter 'cal' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:535:	The method 'updateAfterMisfire' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 31.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:535:	The method 'updateAfterMisfire' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:535:	The method 'updateAfterMisfire' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:535:	The method updateAfterMisfire() has an NPath complexity of 264
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:555:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:558:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:562:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:562:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:565:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:575:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:579:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:579:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:579:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:580:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:581:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:582:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:586:	Local variable 'timesMissed' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:593:	Local variable 'newFireTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:599:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:606:	Local variable 'newFireTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:608:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'timesMissed' (lines '608'-'629').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:608:	Local variable 'timesMissed' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:621:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:631:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:641:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:651:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:655:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:655:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:655:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:656:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:657:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:658:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:667:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:667:	Parameter 'misfireThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:667:	The method 'updateWithNewCalendar' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:675:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'now' (lines '675'-'697').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:675:	Local variable 'now' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:680:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:684:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:684:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:685:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:686:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:687:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:691:	Local variable 'diff' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:691:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:699:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:712:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:716:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:723:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:727:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:727:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:727:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:728:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:729:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:730:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:737:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:740:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:758:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:759:	Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:761:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:765:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:769:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:773:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:779:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:781:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:789:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:809:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:818:	Parameter 'nextFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:822:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:831:	Parameter 'previousFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:842:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'afterTime'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:842:	The method 'getFireTimeAfter' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:842:	The method 'getFireTimeAfter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:842:	The method 'getFireTimeAfter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:842:	The method getFireTimeAfter() has an NPath complexity of 4320
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:844:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:847:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:848:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:849:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:857:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:860:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:860:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startMillis' (lines '860'-'887').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:860:	Local variable 'startMillis' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:860:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:861:	Local variable 'afterMillis' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:862:	Local variable 'endMillis' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:862:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:866:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:870:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:873:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numberOfTimesExecuted
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:873:	Local variable 'numberOfTimesExecuted' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:873:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:875:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:876:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:877:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:880:	Local variable 'time' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:883:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:896:	Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:897:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:898:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:901:	Local variable 'numFires' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:903:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:906:	Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:906:	Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:906:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:908:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:909:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:912:	Local variable 'time' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:917:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:929:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:933:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:933:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:936:	Local variable 'lastTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:938:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:938:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:938:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:938:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:939:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:952:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/SimpleTrigger.java:955:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/StatefulJob.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/StatefulJob.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:19:	Possible God class (WMC=85, ATFD=19, TCC=0.03183673469387755)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:19:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:39:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:58:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:58:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:58:	The class 'Trigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:59:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:73:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:79:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:81:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_RE_EXECUTE_JOB
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:92:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_SET_TRIGGER_COMPLETE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:100:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_DELETE_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_SET_ALL_JOB_TRIGGERS_COMPLETE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_SET_TRIGGER_ERROR
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_SET_ALL_JOB_TRIGGERS_ERROR
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:132:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION_SMART_POLICY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:161:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:173:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:193:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:228:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:230:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:232:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:234:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:236:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:238:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:240:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'volatility'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:240:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:240:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:242:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'calendarName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:242:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:244:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'fireInstanceId'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:244:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:246:	Avoid excessively long variable names like misfireInstruction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:246:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:248:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:248:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:248:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:250:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:252:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'key'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:252:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:264:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:266:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:280:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:287:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:296:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:301:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:308:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:317:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:317:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:322:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:332:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:332:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:332:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:332:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:364:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:365:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:382:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:392:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'group'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:393:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:393:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:422:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:423:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:441:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:452:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'jobGroup'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:453:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:475:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:512:	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:523:	Parameter 'volatility' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:527:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:536:	Parameter 'calendarName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:552:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:577:	Parameter 'jobDataMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:581:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:599:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:616:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:628:	Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:638:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:655:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:677:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:693:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:710:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:716:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:723:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:744:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:752:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:764:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:779:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:786:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:790:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:801:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:803:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:811:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:835:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:847:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:857:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:865:	Avoid excessively long variable names like misfireInstruction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:865:	Parameter 'misfireInstruction' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:873:	Avoid excessively long variable names like misfireInstruction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:873:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:875:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:885:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:897:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:908:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:914:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:934:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:967:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:980:	Avoid variables with short names like id
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:980:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1000:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1011:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1012:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1014:	Local variable 'myTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1015:	Local variable 'otherTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1015:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1018:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1022:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1026:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1029:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1030:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1033:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1034:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1040:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1040:	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1040:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1042:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1045:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1047:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1048:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1050:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1050:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1050:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1051:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1054:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1055:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1057:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1057:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1057:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1058:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1065:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1066:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1069:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1069:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/Trigger.java:1084:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerListener.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerListener.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerListener.java:51:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerListener.java:53:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerListener.java:71:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerListener.java:73:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerListener.java:92:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerListener.java:94:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerListener.java:110:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerListener.java:112:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerListener.java:124:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerListener.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerInstructionCode
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:19:	Possible God class (WMC=99, ATFD=209, TCC=0.0)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:39:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:39:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:39:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MILLISECONDS_IN_MINUTE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MILLISECONDS_IN_HOUR
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MILLISECONDS_IN_DAY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:71:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:87:	Parameter 'dayOfWeek' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:93:	Parameter 'hour' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:100:	Parameter 'minute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:107:	Parameter 'second' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:114:	Parameter 'day' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:120:	Parameter 'month' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:127:	Parameter 'year' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:134:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:143:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:143:	Parameter 'trig' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:147:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:158:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:158:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:158:	Parameter 'trig' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:163:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:177:	Parameter 'hour' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:177:	Parameter 'minute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:181:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:185:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:186:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:194:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:210:	Parameter 'hour' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:210:	Parameter 'minute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:210:	Parameter 'trigName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:211:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:216:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:240:	Parameter 'dayOfWeek' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:240:	Parameter 'hour' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:240:	Parameter 'minute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:245:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:250:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:251:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:259:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:284:	Parameter 'dayOfWeek' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:284:	Parameter 'hour' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:284:	Parameter 'minute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:284:	Parameter 'trigName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:285:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:291:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:314:	Parameter 'dayOfMonth' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:314:	Parameter 'hour' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:314:	Parameter 'minute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:319:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:322:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:327:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:328:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:336:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:360:	Parameter 'dayOfMonth' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:360:	Parameter 'hour' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:360:	Parameter 'minute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:360:	Parameter 'trigName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:361:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:362:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:366:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:386:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:402:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:402:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:403:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:410:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:427:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:427:	Parameter 'repeatInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:427:	Parameter 'trigName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:428:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:433:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:448:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:461:	Parameter 'trigName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:467:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:480:	Parameter 'intervalInSeconds' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:485:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:501:	Parameter 'intervalInSeconds' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:501:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:502:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:511:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:528:	Parameter 'intervalInSeconds' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:528:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:528:	Parameter 'trigName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:529:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:530:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:534:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:550:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:563:	Parameter 'trigName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:568:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:581:	Parameter 'intervalInMinutes' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:586:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:602:	Parameter 'intervalInMinutes' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:602:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:603:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:613:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:630:	Parameter 'intervalInMinutes' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:630:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:630:	Parameter 'trigName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:631:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:632:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:636:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:652:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:665:	Parameter 'trigName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:670:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:683:	Parameter 'intervalInHours' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:688:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:704:	Parameter 'intervalInHours' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:704:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:705:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:715:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:732:	Parameter 'intervalInHours' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:732:	Parameter 'repeatCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:732:	Parameter 'trigName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:733:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:734:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:738:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:755:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'date'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:760:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:760:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:761:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:762:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:764:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:764:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:765:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:766:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:767:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:769:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:772:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:788:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'date'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:793:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:793:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:794:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:796:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:797:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:798:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:800:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:803:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:820:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'date'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:825:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:825:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:826:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:827:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:829:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:829:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:830:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:831:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:833:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:836:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:852:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'date'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:857:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:857:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:858:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:860:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:861:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:863:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:866:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:877:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'date'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:882:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:882:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:883:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:884:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:886:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:886:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:887:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:889:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:892:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:908:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'date'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:913:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:913:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:914:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:916:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:918:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:921:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1014:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'date'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1014:	Parameter 'minuteBase' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1024:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1024:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1025:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1026:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1029:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1029:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1030:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1031:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1032:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1034:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1034:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1037:	Local variable 'minute' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1037:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1039:	Local variable 'arItr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1041:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextMinuteOccurance
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1041:	Local variable 'nextMinuteOccurance' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1043:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1044:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1045:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1046:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1048:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1048:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1050:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1050:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1051:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1052:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1053:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1055:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1059:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1078:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'date'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1078:	Parameter 'secondBase' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1088:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1088:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1089:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1090:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1093:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1093:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1094:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1095:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1097:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1097:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1100:	Local variable 'second' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1102:	Local variable 'arItr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextSecondOccurance
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1104:	Local variable 'nextSecondOccurance' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1106:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1110:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1120:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1134:	Parameter 'hour' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1134:	Parameter 'minute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1134:	Parameter 'second' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1139:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1141:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1141:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1153:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1171:	Parameter 'hour' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1171:	Parameter 'minute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1171:	Parameter 'second' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1172:	Parameter 'dayOfMonth' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1172:	Parameter 'month' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1179:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1181:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1181:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1194:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1214:	Parameter 'hour' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1214:	Parameter 'minute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1214:	Parameter 'second' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1215:	Parameter 'dayOfMonth' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1215:	Parameter 'month' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1215:	Parameter 'year' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1223:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1225:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1225:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1239:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1253:	Parameter 'cal' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1253:	Parameter 'trigg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1254:	Parameter 'numTimes' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1255:	Local variable 'lst' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1257:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1257:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1264:	Avoid variables with short names like d
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1264:	Local variable 'd' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1265:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1276:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1290:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1292:	Parameter 'cal' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1292:	Parameter 'trigg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1293:	Parameter 'numTimes' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1295:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1295:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1301:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1301:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '1.301'-'1.307').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1301:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '1.301'-'1.322').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1302:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'endTime' (lines '1.302'-'1.310').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1305:	Avoid variables with short names like d
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1305:	Local variable 'd' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1306:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1309:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1310:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'endTime' (lines '1.310'-'1.310').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1316:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1317:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1324:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1347:	Parameter 'trigg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1348:	Avoid variables with short names like to
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1348:	Parameter 'cal' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1348:	Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1348:	Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1349:	Local variable 'lst' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1351:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1351:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1353:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1354:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1362:	Avoid variables with short names like d
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1362:	Local variable 'd' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1362:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1363:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1364:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1372:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1378:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1381:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1391:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1391:	Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1391:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1393:	Local variable 'newDate' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1395:	Local variable 'offset' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1396:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1403:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1417:	Avoid variables with short names like tz
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1417:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1417:	Parameter 'tz' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1420:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1426:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1436:	Avoid variables with short names like tz
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1436:	Parameter 'tz' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/TriggerUtils.java:1439:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/UnableToInterruptJobException.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/UnableToInterruptJobException.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/UnableToInterruptJobException.java:46:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/UnableToInterruptJobException.java:55:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:30:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.quartz.SchedulerListener'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:35:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:45:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:58:	The class 'JobRunShell' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 19).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:58:	The class 'JobRunShell' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 19).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:58:	The class 'JobRunShell' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 19).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:58:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:58:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:68:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'jec'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:68:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:70:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'qs'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like qs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:70:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:70:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:72:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'scheduler'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:72:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:74:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'schdCtxt'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:74:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobRunShellFactory
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:76:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'jobRunShellFactory'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:76:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:76:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:78:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'shutdownRequested'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:78:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:78:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:78:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:80:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:80:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:90:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:103:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobRunShellFactory
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:105:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:105:	Parameter 'jobRunShellFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:106:	Parameter 'schdCtxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:106:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:124:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:128:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:132:	Avoid variables with short names like qs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:132:	Parameter 'firedBundle' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:132:	Parameter 'qs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:132:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:136:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'job' (lines '136'-'140').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:137:	Local variable 'jobDetail' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:140:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'job' (lines '140'-'157').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:146:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:147:	Avoid variables with short names like se
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:147:	Local variable 'se' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:159:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:163:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:163:	The method 'run' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:163:	The method 'run' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:163:	The method 'run' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:163:	The method run() has an NPath complexity of 8646
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:163:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:166:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:167:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trigger' (lines '171'-'309').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:171:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:172:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jobDetail' (lines '172'-'309').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:172:	Local variable 'jobDetail' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:176:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jobExEx' (lines '176'-'309').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:177:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'job' (lines '177'-'309').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:177:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:195:	Local variable 'instCode' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:210:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:215:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:215:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:223:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:227:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:227:	Avoid variables with short names like se
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:227:	Local variable 'se' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:233:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:249:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:251:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:251:	Avoid variables with short names like se
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:251:	Local variable 'se' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:292:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:298:	Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:304:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:305:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:311:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:311:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:314:	Avoid excessively long variable names like successfulExecution
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:314:	Parameter 'successfulExecution' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:314:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:315:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:318:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:319:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:320:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:323:	Parameter 'jec' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vetoed' (lines '325'-'329').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:329:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vetoed' (lines '329'-'369').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:334:	The String literal " job= " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 334
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:337:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:344:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:344:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:348:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:359:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:359:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:362:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:363:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:365:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:371:	Parameter 'jec' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:372:	Parameter 'jobExEx' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:376:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:376:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:380:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:382:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:388:	Parameter 'jec' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:389:	Parameter 'instCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:394:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:394:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:400:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:402:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:409:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:409:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:410:	Parameter 'instCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:410:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:411:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '411'-'429').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:418:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:420:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:431:	Parameter 'instCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:431:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:431:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:431:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:437:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:448:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:449:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:449:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:449:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShell.java:449:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShellFactory.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShellFactory.java:25:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/JobRunShellFactory.java:51:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/NullSampledStatisticsImpl.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/NullSampledStatisticsImpl.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/NullSampledStatisticsImpl.java:4:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/NullSampledStatisticsImpl.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/NullSampledStatisticsImpl.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/NullSampledStatisticsImpl.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:19:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:19:	Possible God class (WMC=287, ATFD=160, TCC=0.007225806451612903)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:19:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:71:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:73:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:85:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:85:	The class 'QuartzScheduler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 18).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:85:	The class 'QuartzScheduler' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 14).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:85:	The class 'QuartzScheduler' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 14).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:85:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:85:	Too many fields
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:95:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'VERSION_MAJOR' is not final.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:95:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:95:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'VERSION_MAJOR' starts with uppercase character.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:95:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:96:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'VERSION_MINOR' is not final.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:96:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:96:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'VERSION_MINOR' starts with uppercase character.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:97:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'VERSION_ITERATION' is not final.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:97:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:97:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'VERSION_ITERATION' starts with uppercase character.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:97:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:100:	Local variable 'props' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:101:	Avoid variables with short names like is
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:106:	Local variable 'version' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:108:	Local variable 'versionComponents' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:119:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:119:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:133:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:133:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:133:	Private field 'resources' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:133:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:135:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:135:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:135:	Private field 'schedThread' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:135:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:137:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:137:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:137:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:139:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:139:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:139:	Private field 'context' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:139:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:141:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:141:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:141:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:141:	Private field 'jobListeners' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:141:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like globalJobListeners
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:143:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:143:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:143:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:143:	Private field 'globalJobListeners' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:143:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:145:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:145:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:145:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:145:	Private field 'triggerListeners' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:145:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like globalTriggerListeners
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:147:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:147:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:147:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:147:	Private field 'globalTriggerListeners' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:147:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerListeners
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:149:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:149:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:149:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:149:	Private field 'schedulerListeners' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:149:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:151:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:151:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:153:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'jobMgr'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:153:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:153:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:153:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:153:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:155:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'errLogger'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:155:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:155:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:155:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:155:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:157:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:157:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:157:	Private field 'signaler' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:157:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:159:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:159:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:159:	Private field 'random' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:159:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:161:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:161:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:161:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:161:	Private field 'holdToPreventGC' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:161:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like signalOnSchedulingChange
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:163:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:163:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:165:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'closed'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:165:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:165:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:165:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:166:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'shuttingDown'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:166:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:166:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:166:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:167:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'boundRemotely'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:167:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:167:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:167:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:169:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'jmxBean'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:169:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:169:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:169:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:171:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'initialStart'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:171:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:171:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:171:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:174:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:174:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:176:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:176:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:176:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:194:	Parameter 'resources' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:195:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:195:	Parameter 'dbRetryInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:195:	Parameter 'idleWaitTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:215:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:217:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:219:	Overridable method 'getVersion' called during object construction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:223:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:227:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:235:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:258:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:263:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:267:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:271:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:275:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:279:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:287:	Local variable 'rval' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:295:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:296:	Local variable 'jmxObjectName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:297:	Local variable 'mbs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:305:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:306:	Local variable 'jmxObjectName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:307:	Local variable 'mbs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:319:	Local variable 'host' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'exportable' (lines '325'-'328').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'exportable' (lines '325'-'331').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:335:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registry' (lines '335'-'345').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:335:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registry' (lines '335'-'355').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:335:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registry' (lines '335'-'367').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:348:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:352:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:355:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registry' (lines '355'-'363').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:357:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:371:	Local variable 'bindName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:377:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:386:	Local variable 'host' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:392:	Local variable 'registry' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:395:	Local variable 'bindName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:400:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:403:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:431:	Avoid using java.lang.ThreadGroup; it is not thread safe
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:441:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:441:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:445:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:445:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:458:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:462:	Avoid excessively long variable names like signalOnSchedulingChange
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:462:	Parameter 'signalOnSchedulingChange' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:462:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:472:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:474:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:497:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:498:	The String literal "Scheduler " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 498
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:503:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:510:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:510:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:510:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:510:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:510:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:511:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:516:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:523:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:525:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:534:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:548:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:552:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:556:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:560:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:564:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:565:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:568:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:569:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:572:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:576:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:578:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:591:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:593:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:605:	Avoid excessively long variable names like waitForJobsToComplete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:605:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'job' (lines '605'-'627').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:605:	Parameter 'waitForJobsToComplete' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:605:	The method 'shutdown' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:605:	The method 'shutdown' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:605:	The method 'shutdown' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:605:	The method shutdown() has an NPath complexity of 2304
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:613:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:623:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:624:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:625:	Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:626:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:627:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:627:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:629:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:629:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:629:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:630:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:632:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:632:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:632:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:632:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:637:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:643:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:643:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:661:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:661:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:667:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:672:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:676:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:680:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:697:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:701:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:709:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:736:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:752:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:752:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:752:	The method 'scheduleJob' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:753:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:771:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:772:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:777:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:785:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cal' (lines '785'-'787').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:787:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:790:	Avoid variables with short names like ft
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:790:	Local variable 'ft' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:798:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:799:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:799:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:805:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:816:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:816:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:827:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cal' (lines '827'-'829').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:829:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:837:	Avoid variables with short names like ft
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:837:	Local variable 'ft' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:845:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:846:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:846:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:852:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:856:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:870:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:870:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:871:	Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:880:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:885:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:895:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'trigger' (lines '895'-'907').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:895:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:895:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:896:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:903:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '903'-'915').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:903:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '903'-'918').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:903:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '903'-'924').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:905:	Local variable 'triggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:906:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:907:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:907:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:908:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:908:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:908:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:910:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:913:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:915:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '915'-'915').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:915:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '915'-'918').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:915:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '915'-'924').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:918:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:932:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:932:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:933:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:940:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:944:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:951:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:968:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:968:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:969:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:969:	Parameter 'newTrigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:978:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cal' (lines '978'-'980').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:980:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:983:	Avoid variables with short names like ft
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:983:	Local variable 'ft' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:991:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:992:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:992:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:996:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1005:	Avoid variables with short names like r
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1019:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1019:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1020:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1020:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1027:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1030:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1031:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1033:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1039:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1042:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1046:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1046:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1046:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1056:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1057:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1057:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1057:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1064:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1067:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1068:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1070:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1076:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1079:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1083:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1083:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1083:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1093:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1093:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1094:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1112:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1112:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1132:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1132:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1133:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1152:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1152:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1165:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1177:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1177:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1178:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1190:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1202:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1202:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1215:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1215:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1219:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1232:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1232:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1233:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1245:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1258:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1258:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1271:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1273:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1286:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1294:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1296:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1307:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1320:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1333:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1333:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1350:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1350:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1351:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1358:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1368:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1372:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1381:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1381:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1389:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1398:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1398:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1399:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'jobGroup'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1406:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1415:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1415:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1416:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'triggerGroup'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1427:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1437:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1437:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1438:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'triggerGroup'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1445:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1449:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1459:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1459:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1460:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1460:	Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1460:	Parameter 'updateTriggers' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1463:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1466:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1475:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1475:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1479:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1487:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1487:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1491:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1499:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1503:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1506:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1517:	Parameter 'jobListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1519:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1534:	Parameter 'jobListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1536:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1546:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1548:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1555:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1557:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1561:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1570:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1572:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1590:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1606:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1618:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1624:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1635:	Parameter 'triggerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1637:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1652:	Parameter 'triggerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1654:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1664:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1666:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1673:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1675:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1679:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1688:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1690:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1696:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1708:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1724:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1736:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1748:	Parameter 'schedulerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1754:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1763:	Parameter 'schedulerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1781:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1781:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1782:	Parameter 'detail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1782:	Parameter 'instCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1782:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1785:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1789:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1789:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1790:	Parameter 'detail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1790:	Parameter 'instCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1790:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1793:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1796:	Avoid excessively long variable names like candidateNewNextFireTime
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1796:	Parameter 'candidateNewNextFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1796:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1802:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1802:	Parameter 'additionalLstnrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1804:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'triggerListeners' (lines '1.804'-'1.818').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1804:	Local variable 'triggerListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1806:	Avoid variables with short names like tl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1806:	Local variable 'tl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1806:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1808:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1809:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1811:	The String literal "TriggerListener '" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1.811
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1820:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1820:	Parameter 'additionalLstnrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1822:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jobListeners' (lines '1.822'-'1.836').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1822:	Local variable 'jobListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1824:	Avoid variables with short names like jl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1824:	Local variable 'jl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1824:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1826:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1827:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1829:	The String literal "JobListener '" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1.829
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1838:	Parameter 'jec' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1838:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1841:	Local variable 'triggerListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1841:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1841:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1844:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vetoedExecution' (lines '1.844'-'1.854').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1844:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vetoedExecution' (lines '1.844'-'1.866').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1847:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1847:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1849:	Avoid variables with short names like tl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1849:	Local variable 'tl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1851:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1853:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1854:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vetoedExecution' (lines '1.854'-'1.866').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1856:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1857:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1857:	Avoid variables with short names like se
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1857:	Local variable 'se' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1858:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1859:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1859:	The String literal "' threw exception: " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1.859
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1869:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1869:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1872:	Local variable 'triggerListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1876:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1876:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1878:	Avoid variables with short names like tl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1878:	Local variable 'tl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1880:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1881:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1882:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1882:	Avoid variables with short names like se
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1882:	Local variable 'se' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1883:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1891:	Parameter 'jec' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1891:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1892:	Parameter 'instCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1894:	Local variable 'triggerListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1894:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1894:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1898:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1898:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1900:	Avoid variables with short names like tl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1900:	Local variable 'tl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1902:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1903:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1904:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1904:	Avoid variables with short names like se
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1904:	Local variable 'se' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1905:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1913:	Parameter 'jec' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1913:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1916:	Local variable 'jobListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1916:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1916:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1920:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1920:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1922:	Avoid variables with short names like jl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1922:	Local variable 'jl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1924:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1925:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1926:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1926:	Avoid variables with short names like se
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1926:	Local variable 'se' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1927:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1935:	Parameter 'jec' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1935:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1938:	Local variable 'jobListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1938:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1938:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1942:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1942:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1944:	Avoid variables with short names like jl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1944:	Local variable 'jl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1946:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1947:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1948:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1948:	Avoid variables with short names like se
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1948:	Local variable 'se' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1949:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1957:	Parameter 'jec' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1957:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1958:	Avoid variables with short names like je
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1958:	Parameter 'je' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1960:	Local variable 'jobListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1960:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1960:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1964:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1964:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1966:	Avoid variables with short names like jl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1966:	Local variable 'jl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1968:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1969:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1970:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1970:	Avoid variables with short names like se
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1970:	Local variable 'se' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1971:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1979:	Avoid variables with short names like se
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1979:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1979:	Parameter 'se' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1979:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1981:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1984:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1984:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1986:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1986:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1988:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1989:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1990:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:1994:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2000:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2000:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2002:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2005:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2005:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2007:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2007:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2009:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2010:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2011:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2013:	The String literal "  Triger=" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 2.013
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2018:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2018:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2019:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2021:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2024:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2024:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2026:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2026:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2028:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2029:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2030:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2038:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2038:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2040:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2043:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2043:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2045:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2045:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2047:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2048:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2049:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2056:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2056:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2056:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2058:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2061:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2061:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2063:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2063:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2065:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2066:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2067:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2074:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2074:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2074:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2076:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2079:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2079:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2081:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2081:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2083:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2084:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2085:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2092:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2092:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2092:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2094:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2097:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2097:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2099:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2099:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2102:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2110:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2110:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2112:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2115:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2117:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2117:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2120:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2130:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2133:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2135:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2135:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2138:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2146:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2148:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2151:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2153:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2153:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2156:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2164:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2166:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2169:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2171:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2171:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2174:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2182:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2184:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2187:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2189:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2189:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2192:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2200:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2200:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2202:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2205:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2207:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2207:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2210:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2218:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2218:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2218:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2220:	Local variable 'schedListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2223:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2225:	Avoid variables with short names like sl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2225:	Local variable 'sl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2228:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2236:	Parameter 'factory' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2236:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2247:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2252:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2262:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2264:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'groupName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2264:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2264:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2270:	Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2271:	Avoid variables with short names like it
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2271:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2273:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jec' (lines '2.273'-'2.280').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2273:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jec' (lines '2.273'-'2.302').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2274:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jobDetail' (lines '2.274'-'2.281').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2274:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jobDetail' (lines '2.274'-'2.302').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2275:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'job' (lines '2.275'-'2.284').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2275:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'job' (lines '2.275'-'2.302').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2277:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'interrupted' (lines '2.277'-'2.287').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2277:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'interrupted' (lines '2.277'-'2.302').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2287:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'interrupted' (lines '2.287'-'2.287').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2287:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'interrupted' (lines '2.287'-'2.302').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2305:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2307:	Local variable 'plugin' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2313:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2315:	Local variable 'plugin' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2328:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2329:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2329:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2332:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2332:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2332:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2343:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2344:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2344:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2344:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2344:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2346:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'numJobsFired'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2346:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2346:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2346:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2348:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2351:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2352:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2355:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2361:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2361:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2366:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2370:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2370:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2371:	Parameter 'jobException' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2377:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2381:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2388:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2388:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzScheduler.java:2388:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=87, ATFD=31, TCC=0.0)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:37:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:39:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sampledStatisticsEnabled
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NULL_SAMPLED_STATISTICS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:52:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:60:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:60:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:65:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:72:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:87:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'jobGroupName' (lines '87'-'93').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:87:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'jobName' (lines '87'-'94').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:87:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:89:	Local variable 'cntx' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:90:	Local variable 'detailList' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:92:	Local variable 'jobGroupName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:93:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:103:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'triggerGroupName' (lines '103'-'109').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:103:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'triggerName' (lines '103'-'111').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:103:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:105:	Local variable 'cntx' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:106:	Local variable 'triggerList' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:108:	Local variable 'triggerGroupName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:109:	Local variable 'triggerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:120:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:120:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:121:	Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:126:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:126:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:131:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:131:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:131:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:132:	Parameter 'jobGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:137:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:137:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:142:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:142:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:142:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:143:	Parameter 'jobGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:148:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:148:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:153:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:153:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:153:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:159:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:163:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:163:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:169:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:169:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:169:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:170:	Parameter 'triggerGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:176:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:176:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:182:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:182:	Parameter 'triggerGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:182:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:188:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:188:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:188:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:189:	Parameter 'triggerGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:194:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:194:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:194:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:195:	Parameter 'jobGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:200:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:200:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:200:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:201:	Parameter 'jobGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:206:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:206:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:206:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:206:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:206:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:207:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:207:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:208:	Local variable 'cntx' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:209:	Local variable 'jobDetail' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:214:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:222:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:222:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:222:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:223:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:224:	Local variable 'cntx' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:228:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:232:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:236:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:240:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:244:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:248:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:252:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:256:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:260:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:264:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:268:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:272:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:272:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:272:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:272:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:278:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:278:	Parameter 'jobGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:278:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:284:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:284:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:288:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:288:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:288:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:293:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:293:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:293:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:294:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:299:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:299:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:303:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:303:	Parameter 'jobGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:303:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:303:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:309:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:309:	Parameter 'jobGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:309:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:315:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:315:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:315:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:316:	Parameter 'triggerGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:321:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:321:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:321:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:327:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:327:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:328:	Parameter 'jobDataMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:328:	Parameter 'jobGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:328:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:334:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:334:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:334:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:335:	Parameter 'jobDataMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:335:	Parameter 'jobGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:343:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:343:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:347:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:347:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:347:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:351:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:351:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:355:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:355:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:355:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:359:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:359:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:359:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:360:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:360:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:366:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:366:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:366:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:367:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:367:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:373:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:373:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:373:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:378:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:382:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:386:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:393:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:393:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:396:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:396:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:400:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:400:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:400:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:401:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:401:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:407:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:407:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:407:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:408:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:408:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:416:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:420:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:420:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:424:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:429:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:429:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:433:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:438:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:438:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:439:	Parameter 'jobException' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:443:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:455:	Parameter 'eventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:465:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:465:	Parameter 'eventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:476:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:476:	Parameter 'eventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:476:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:477:	Local variable 'notif' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:488:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:494:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:494:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:499:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:502:	Parameter 'notif' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:503:	Parameter 'callBack' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:503:	Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:511:	Returning 'NOTIFICATION_INFO' may expose an internal array.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:515:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:517:	Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:523:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:526:	Parameter 'notif' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:527:	Parameter 'callBack' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:527:	Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:532:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:532:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:536:	Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:536:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:550:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:554:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:558:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:562:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:563:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerMBeanImpl.java:563:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:28:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:38:	Too many fields
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_REGISTRY_NEVER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_REGISTRY_ALWAYS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_REGISTRY_AS_NEEDED
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:60:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'rmiRegistryHost'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:60:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:62:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:64:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:64:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rmiCreateRegistryStrategy
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:66:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:70:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobRunShellFactory
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:74:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:74:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:74:	Private field 'schedulerPlugins' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like makeSchedulerThreadDaemon
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:76:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'makeSchedulerThreadDaemon'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:76:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like threadsInheritInitializersClassLoadContext
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:78:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'threadsInheritInitializersClassLoadContext'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:78:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:80:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:80:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:82:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:82:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:84:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:84:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:86:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like interruptJobsOnShutdown
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:88:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'interruptJobsOnShutdown'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:88:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like interruptJobsOnShutdownWithWait
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:89:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'interruptJobsOnShutdownWithWait'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:89:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:104:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:133:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:134:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:164:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:165:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:173:	Parameter 'schedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:173:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:174:	Parameter 'schedInstId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:178:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:198:	Parameter 'hostName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:218:	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:237:	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:268:	Parameter 'threadName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:269:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:277:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:286:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rmiCreateRegistryStrategy
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:286:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'rmiCreateRegistryStrategy'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:286:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'rmiCreateRegistryStrategy'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:286:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'rmiCreateRegistryStrategy'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:286:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'rmiCreateRegistryStrategy'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:286:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'rmiCreateRegistryStrategy'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:286:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'rmiCreateRegistryStrategy'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:288:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:290:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:292:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:311:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:319:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:321:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:328:	Parameter 'threadPool' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:338:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:346:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:348:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:355:	Parameter 'jobStore' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:365:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:373:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:375:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:382:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobRunShellFactory
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:382:	Parameter 'jobRunShellFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:399:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:419:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:428:	Avoid excessively long variable names like makeSchedulerThreadDaemon
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:428:	Parameter 'makeSchedulerThreadDaemon' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:445:	Avoid excessively long variable names like threadsInheritInitializersClassLoadContext
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:445:	Parameter 'threadsInheritInitializersClassLoadContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:466:	Parameter 'rmiBindName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:474:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:482:	Parameter 'jmxExport' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:504:	Parameter 'jmxObjectName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:512:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:515:	Parameter 'schedInstId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:515:	Parameter 'schedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:521:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:525:	Parameter 'runUpdateCheck' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:525:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:529:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:533:	Avoid excessively long variable names like interruptJobsOnShutdown
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:533:	Parameter 'interruptJobsOnShutdown' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:533:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:537:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:541:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:542:	Avoid excessively long variable names like interruptJobsOnShutdownWithWait
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerResources.java:542:	Parameter 'interruptJobsOnShutdownWithWait' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:19:	Possible God class (WMC=70, ATFD=32, TCC=0.3014705882352941)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:31:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:43:	The class 'QuartzSchedulerThread' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 29).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:43:	The class 'QuartzSchedulerThread' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 28).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:43:	The class 'QuartzSchedulerThread' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 28).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:43:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:51:	Avoid variables with short names like qs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:55:	Private field 'sigLock' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:57:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like signaledNextFireTime
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:58:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:60:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:62:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:64:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ctxt'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:64:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:64:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:66:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:66:	Private field 'random' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_IDLE_WAIT_TIME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:70:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'DEFAULT_IDLE_WAIT_TIME' is not final.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:70:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:70:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'DEFAULT_IDLE_WAIT_TIME' starts with uppercase character.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:70:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:72:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like idleWaitVariablness
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:74:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dbFailureRetryInterval
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:76:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:78:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:78:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:95:	Avoid variables with short names like qs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:95:	Parameter 'qs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:95:	Parameter 'qsRsrcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:96:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:107:	Avoid variables with short names like qs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:107:	Parameter 'qs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:107:	Parameter 'qsRsrcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:108:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:108:	Parameter 'setDaemon' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:108:	Parameter 'threadPrio' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:115:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:115:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:137:	Parameter 'waitTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:137:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dbFailureRetryInterval
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:146:	Parameter 'dbFailureRetryInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:146:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:159:	Parameter 'pause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:159:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:176:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:188:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:192:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like candidateNewNextFireTime
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:203:	Parameter 'candidateNewNextFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:211:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:218:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:224:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:235:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:235:	The method 'run' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:235:	The method 'run' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 28.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:235:	The method 'run' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 28.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:235:	The method run() has an NPath complexity of 155618
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:236:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lastAcquireFailed' (lines '236'-'266').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:236:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastAcquireFailed' (lines '236'-'424').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:255:	Local variable 'availTreadCount' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trigger' (lines '258'-'264').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:274:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lastAcquireFailed' (lines '279'-'266').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastAcquireFailed' (lines '279'-'424').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:285:	Local variable 'triggerTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:295:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:295:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:302:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:308:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bndle' (lines '312'-'320').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:314:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'goAhead' (lines '314'-'316').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:316:	Use bitwise inversion to invert boolean values
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:320:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:325:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:326:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:329:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:345:	The String literal "An error occured while releasing trigger '" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 345
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:362:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shell' (lines '362'-'364').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:364:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:369:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:381:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:387:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:389:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:393:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:406:	Local variable 'now' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:407:	Local variable 'waitTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:408:	Local variable 'timeUntilContinue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:416:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:422:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:423:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:426:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:426:	Parameter 'triggerTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:430:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:440:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:441:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:448:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:453:	Parameter 'clearSignal' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:453:	Parameter 'oldTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:475:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:476:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:478:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'earlier' (lines '478'-'481').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:478:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'earlier' (lines '478'-'483').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:481:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:482:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:487:	Local variable 'diff' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:488:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:488:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:500:	Parameter 'bndle' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:500:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:501:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retryCount' (lines '501'-'509').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:509:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retryCount' (lines '509'-'512').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:510:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:516:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:518:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:520:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:521:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:521:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:523:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:523:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:528:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:533:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:533:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:534:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retryCount' (lines '534'-'542').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:542:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retryCount' (lines '542'-'544').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:543:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:552:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:553:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:553:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:555:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:555:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/QuartzSchedulerThread.java:565:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:19:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:41:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like waitForJobsToComplete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:97:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:123:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:132:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:135:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:138:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:141:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:144:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:150:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:153:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:156:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:159:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:162:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:165:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:168:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:171:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:174:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:178:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:181:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:184:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:187:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:190:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:192:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:194:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:196:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:198:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:200:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:202:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:204:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:207:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:210:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:213:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:215:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:217:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:219:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:222:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:225:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:228:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:231:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/RemotableQuartzScheduler.java:233:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatistics.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatistics.java:4:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatistics.java:5:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatistics.java:6:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatistics.java:7:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:20:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'scheduler'.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:20:	Perhaps 'scheduler' could be replaced by a local variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_HISTORY_SIZE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_INTERVAL_SECS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SAMPLED_COUNTER_CONFIG
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SAMPLED_RATE_COUNTER_CONFIG
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:28:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'DEFAULT_SAMPLED_RATE_COUNTER_CONFIG'.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:31:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobsScheduledCount
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobsExecutingCount
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobsCompletedCount
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:36:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:36:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultCounterConfig
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:52:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'createSampledCounter(CounterConfig)'.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:52:	Parameter 'defaultCounterConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:81:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:85:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:89:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:93:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:94:	Parameter 'jobException' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:98:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:102:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:102:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SampledStatisticsImpl.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:35:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:35:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:56:	Parameter 'sched' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:56:	Parameter 'schedThread' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:60:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:60:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:71:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:82:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like candidateNewNextFireTime
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:86:	Parameter 'candidateNewNextFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulerSignalerImpl.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulingContext.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulingContext.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulingContext.java:23:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulingContext.java:30:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulingContext.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulingContext.java:55:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulingContext.java:63:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/SchedulingContext.java:89:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:19:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:20:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'typeName' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:21:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'keyValue' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:22:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'openTypes' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:23:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'rowType' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:33:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:37:	Parameter 'tabularData' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:38:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:42:	Local variable 'cData' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:53:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:53:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:58:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:66:	Parameter 'jobDataMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:67:	Local variable 'tData' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:68:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:69:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDataMapSupport.java:71:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.INTEGER'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.quartz.Trigger'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:21:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMPOSITE_TYPE_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMPOSITE_TYPE_DESCRIPTION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABULAR_TYPE_DESCRIPTION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:47:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:55:	Parameter 'cData' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:56:	Local variable 'jobDetail' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like i
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:63:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:65:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:81:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:94:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:98:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:98:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'jobDetail' (lines '98'-'103').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:98:	Parameter 'jobDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:99:	Local variable 'tData' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:101:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobDetailSupport.java:102:	Local variable 'jobDetail' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:1:	Too many static imports may lead to messy code
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.quartz.spi.TriggerFiredBundle'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:27:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMPOSITE_TYPE_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMPOSITE_TYPE_DESCRIPTION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABULAR_TYPE_DESCRIPTION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:56:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:63:	Parameter 'jec' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:80:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:84:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '84'-'88').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:84:	Parameter 'jec' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cal' (lines '86'-'97').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:86:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:87:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:88:	Local variable 'ocal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:90:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:93:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:106:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:111:	Avoid variables with short names like td
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/JobExecutionContextSupport.java:111:	Local variable 'td' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:13:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCHEDULER_SHUTDOWN
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:20:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:22:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:24:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JOB_EXECUTION_VETOED
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:26:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JOB_TO_BE_EXECUTED
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:27:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:28:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:30:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:31:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:32:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SAMPLED_STATISTICS_ENABLED
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:34:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SAMPLED_STATISTICS_RESET
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:35:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:102:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:111:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:124:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:127:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:130:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:133:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:138:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:141:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:144:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:150:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:153:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:155:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:157:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:160:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:163:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:166:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:169:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:171:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:174:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/QuartzSchedulerMBean.java:176:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Iterator'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:22:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:22:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMPOSITE_TYPE_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMPOSITE_TYPE_DESCRIPTION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABULAR_TYPE_DESCRIPTION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:53:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:57:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:76:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:80:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:80:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'trigger' (lines '80'-'85').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:80:	Parameter 'triggers' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:81:	Local variable 'tData' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:83:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/core/jmx/TriggerSupport.java:84:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:31:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like ut
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobRunShellFactory
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:67:	Parameter 'jobRunShellFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:68:	Parameter 'schdCtxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:68:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:80:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'beganSuccessfully' (lines '87'-'95').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'beganSuccessfully' (lines '95'-'107').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:96:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:98:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:103:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like successfulExecution
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:109:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'successfulExecution'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:109:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:130:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:138:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShell.java:160:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:63:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:63:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:74:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:83:	Parameter 'schedCtxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:83:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/JTAJobRunShellFactory.java:107:	Parameter 'jobRunShell' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.transaction.TransactionManager'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:34:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_USER_TX_LOCATION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:67:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'log'.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:67:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:99:	Parameter 'userTxURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:118:	Parameter 'userTransaction' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:119:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:120:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userTransactionWithContext
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:121:	Local variable 'userTransactionWithContext' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:135:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:135:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:135:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:136:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:136:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:136:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:138:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:141:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:148:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:149:	Overridable method 'closeContext' called during object construction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:156:	Overridable method 'closeContext' called during object construction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:171:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:174:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:198:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:202:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:206:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:210:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:214:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:218:	Parameter 'seconds' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/jta/UserTransactionHelper.java:218:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:29:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:66:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:80:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:85:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:87:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:94:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:99:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:106:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:106:	The class 'QuartzInitializerListener' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 16).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:106:	The class 'QuartzInitializerListener' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 14).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:106:	The class 'QuartzInitializerListener' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 14).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like QUARTZ_FACTORY_KEY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:108:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:110:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:110:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:112:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'scheduler'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:112:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:112:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:114:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:114:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:114:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:124:	Parameter 'sce' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:124:	The method 'contextInitialized' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:124:	The method 'contextInitialized' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:124:	The method 'contextInitialized' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:124:	The method contextInitialized() has an NPath complexity of 4097
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:124:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:128:	Local variable 'servletContext' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:133:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:136:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:140:	Unnecessary wrapper object creation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:144:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:156:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'startDelay' (lines '159'-'165').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'startDelay' (lines '159'-'168').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:161:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:164:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:164:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:165:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'startDelay' (lines '165'-'168').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:166:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:167:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:168:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startDelay' (lines '168'-'206').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:176:	Unnecessary wrapper object creation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:176:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:185:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:185:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:192:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:198:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:198:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:202:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:203:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:204:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:208:	Parameter 'sce' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:208:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:218:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:219:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerListener.java:220:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:31:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:37:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:38:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:60:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:95:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:114:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:120:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:120:	The class 'QuartzInitializerServlet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like QUARTZ_FACTORY_KEY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:122:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:124:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:124:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:126:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'scheduler'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:126:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:126:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:136:	Parameter 'cfg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:136:	The method 'init' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:136:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'javax.servlet.ServletException' due to existing import 'javax.servlet.ServletException'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:144:	Local variable 'configFile' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:145:	Local variable 'shutdownPref' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:148:	Unnecessary wrapper object creation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:152:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:163:	Local variable 'startOnLoad' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:166:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'startDelay' (lines '166'-'170').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:166:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'startDelay' (lines '166'-'173').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:167:	Local variable 'startDelayS' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:169:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:169:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:170:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'startDelay' (lines '170'-'173').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:171:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:173:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startDelay' (lines '173'-'209').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:181:	Unnecessary wrapper object creation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:181:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:205:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:211:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:221:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:223:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:229:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:229:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:229:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:234:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:234:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/ee/servlet/QuartzInitializerServlet.java:234:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/helpers/VersionPrinter.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/helpers/VersionPrinter.java:30:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/helpers/VersionPrinter.java:46:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/helpers/VersionPrinter.java:46:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/helpers/VersionPrinter.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/helpers/VersionPrinter.java:47:	System.out.println is used
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:41:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:54:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:64:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:72:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:74:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:83:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:85:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_INSTANCE_ID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:103:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SCHEDULER_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:105:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:115:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'initialized'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:115:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:115:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:117:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:119:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:119:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:129:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:136:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:151:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:160:	Parameter 'maxThreads' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:162:	Local variable 'threadPool' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:165:	Local variable 'jobStore' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:174:	Parameter 'maxThreads' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:179:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:190:	Parameter 'rmiHost' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:190:	Parameter 'rmiPort' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:197:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:199:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:215:	Parameter 'schedulerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:216:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerInstanceId
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:216:	Parameter 'rmiHost' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:216:	Parameter 'rmiPort' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:216:	Parameter 'schedulerInstanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:222:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:224:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:243:	Parameter 'schedulerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:243:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:244:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerInstanceId
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:244:	Parameter 'rmiBindName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:244:	Parameter 'rmiHost' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:244:	Parameter 'rmiPort' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:244:	Parameter 'schedulerInstanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:246:	Local variable 'schedCtxt' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:249:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:249:	Local variable 'uid' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:253:	Local variable 'remoteScheduler' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:256:	Local variable 'schedRep' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:260:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:272:	Parameter 'jobStore' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:272:	Parameter 'threadPool' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:279:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:281:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:297:	Parameter 'schedulerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:298:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerInstanceId
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:298:	Parameter 'jobStore' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:298:	Parameter 'schedulerInstanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:298:	Parameter 'threadPool' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:304:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:327:	Parameter 'schedulerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:328:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerInstanceId
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:328:	Parameter 'schedulerInstanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:328:	Parameter 'threadPool' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:329:	Parameter 'jobStore' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:329:	Parameter 'rmiRegistryHost' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:329:	Parameter 'rmiRegistryPort' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:330:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dbFailureRetryInterval
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:330:	Parameter 'dbFailureRetryInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:330:	Parameter 'idleWaitTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:339:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:366:	Parameter 'schedulerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:367:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerInstanceId
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:367:	Parameter 'schedulerInstanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:367:	Parameter 'threadPool' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:368:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerPluginMap
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:368:	Parameter 'jobStore' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:368:	Parameter 'schedulerPluginMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:369:	Parameter 'rmiRegistryHost' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:369:	Parameter 'rmiRegistryPort' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:370:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dbFailureRetryInterval
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:370:	Parameter 'dbFailureRetryInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:370:	Parameter 'idleWaitTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:373:	Local variable 'jrsf' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:377:	Local variable 'schedCtxt' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:382:	Local variable 'qrs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:395:	Local variable 'pluginIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:400:	Avoid variables with short names like qs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:400:	Local variable 'qs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:403:	Local variable 'cch' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:410:	Local variable 'scheduler' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:419:	Local variable 'pluginEntryIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:420:	Local variable 'pluginEntry' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:427:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:431:	Local variable 'schedRep' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:447:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:471:	Parameter 'schedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:472:	Local variable 'schedRep' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:474:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactory.java:484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:28:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:43:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:44:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:65:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sched'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:75:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:75:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:86:	Parameter 'console' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:86:	Parameter 'schedFact' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:87:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:94:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:94:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:97:	System.out.println is used
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:100:	System.out.println is used
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:101:	System.out.println is used
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:103:	System.out.println is used
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:105:	System.out.println is used
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:107:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rdr' (lines '107'-'121').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:107:	Local variable 'rdr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:111:	System.out.print is used
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:117:	System.out.println is used
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:131:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:134:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:145:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:145:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:146:	System.err.println is used
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:147:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:157:	System.out.println is used
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:158:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:169:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:169:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:169:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:169:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:180:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'server' (lines '180'-'192').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:180:	Local variable 'server' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:187:	System.err.println is used
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:189:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/QuartzServer.java:190:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:17:	Possible God class (WMC=79, ATFD=50, TCC=0.2)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:17:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:42:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:45:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:52:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:58:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:58:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:58:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:68:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerObjectName
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:70:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:80:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:80:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerObjectName
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:103:	Parameter 'schedulerObjectName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerObjectName
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:115:	Parameter 'schedulerObjectName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:122:	Parameter 'schedulingContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:151:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:160:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:189:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:190:	Local variable 'attributeList' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:196:	The String literal "shutdown" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 196
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:248:	Parameter 'seconds' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:249:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:261:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:276:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:295:	Local variable 'schedulerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:306:	Avoid excessively long variable names like waitForJobsToComplete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:306:	Parameter 'waitForJobsToComplete' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:309:	Local variable 'schedulerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:350:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:350:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:365:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:369:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:369:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:379:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:379:	Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:394:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:394:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:399:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:399:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:399:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:409:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:409:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:414:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:414:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:414:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:424:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:425:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:425:	Parameter 'newTrigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:440:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:440:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:452:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:452:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:452:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:457:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:457:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:457:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:457:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:467:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:467:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:479:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:479:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:479:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:494:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:494:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:509:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:513:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:513:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:523:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:523:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:528:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:528:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:528:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:538:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:542:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:542:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:552:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:552:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:567:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:571:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:571:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:581:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:581:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:586:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:586:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:586:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:596:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:600:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:600:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:614:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:628:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:642:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:652:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:656:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:656:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:666:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:666:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:671:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:671:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:671:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:685:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:695:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:699:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:699:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:709:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:709:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:714:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:714:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:714:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:724:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:724:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:729:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:729:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:729:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:739:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:739:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:744:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:744:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:744:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:754:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:754:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:754:	Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:754:	Parameter 'updateTriggers' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:759:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:759:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:760:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:760:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:760:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:770:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:774:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:774:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:784:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:788:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:788:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:802:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:816:	Parameter 'jobListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:819:	The String literal "Operation not supported for remote schedulers." appears 20 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 819
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:828:	Parameter 'jobListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:840:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:852:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:885:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:896:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:907:	Parameter 'triggerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:919:	Parameter 'triggerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:931:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:943:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:976:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:988:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1000:	Parameter 'schedulerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1012:	Parameter 'schedulerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1037:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1043:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1043:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1048:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1048:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1048:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1057:	Parameter 'factory' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1063:	Parameter 'bool' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1063:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteMBeanScheduler.java:1064:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:18:	Possible God class (WMC=117, ATFD=52, TCC=0.22403846153846155)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:18:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:43:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:46:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:56:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:56:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:66:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:68:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:68:	Private field 'schedCtxt' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:70:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:70:	Private field 'schedId' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:70:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:72:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:72:	Private field 'rmiHost' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:74:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:74:	Private field 'rmiPort' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:91:	Parameter 'schedCtxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:91:	Parameter 'schedId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:92:	Parameter 'host' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:92:	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:108:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:111:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:115:	Local variable 'registry' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:119:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:120:	Local variable 'initException' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:131:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:131:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:132:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:133:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:134:	Avoid variables with short names like ex
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:134:	Local variable 'ex' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:149:	The String literal "Error communicating with remote scheduler." appears 45 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 149
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:167:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:169:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:223:	Parameter 'seconds' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:246:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:262:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:290:	Local variable 'schedulerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:292:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:306:	Avoid excessively long variable names like waitForJobsToComplete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:306:	Parameter 'waitForJobsToComplete' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:309:	Local variable 'schedulerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:361:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:361:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:364:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:379:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:395:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:395:	Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:412:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:412:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:415:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:430:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:430:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:448:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:449:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:449:	Parameter 'newTrigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:451:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:467:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:467:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:479:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:479:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:479:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:496:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:496:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:508:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:508:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:508:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:511:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:526:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:526:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:529:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:544:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:546:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:560:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:560:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:577:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:579:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:593:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:593:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:596:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:611:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:613:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:627:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:627:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:630:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:644:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:646:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:662:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:678:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:708:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:710:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:724:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:724:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:727:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:744:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:758:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:760:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:774:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:774:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:777:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:792:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:792:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:795:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:810:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:810:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:813:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:828:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:828:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:828:	Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:828:	Parameter 'updateTriggers' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:831:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:846:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:848:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:862:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:864:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:880:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:898:	Parameter 'jobListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:901:	The String literal "Operation not supported for remote schedulers." appears 20 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 901
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:910:	Parameter 'jobListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:922:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:934:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:967:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:978:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:989:	Parameter 'triggerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1001:	Parameter 'triggerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1013:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1025:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1058:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1070:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1082:	Parameter 'schedulerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1094:	Parameter 'schedulerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1127:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1127:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/RemoteScheduler.java:1141:	Parameter 'factory' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:11:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:20:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:28:	Parameter 'schedulerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:28:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:28:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:29:	Parameter 'schedulerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:34:	Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:34:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:34:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:36:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:39:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'setter' (lines '39'-'66').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:41:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:42:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:45:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:47:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:53:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:62:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetter.java:63:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:35:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:45:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:45:	Private field 'schedulers' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:69:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:77:	Parameter 'sched' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:77:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:88:	Parameter 'schedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:88:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:89:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:92:	Parameter 'schedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:92:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:96:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerRepository.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdJobRunShellFactory.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdJobRunShellFactory.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdJobRunShellFactory.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdJobRunShellFactory.java:40:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdJobRunShellFactory.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdJobRunShellFactory.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdJobRunShellFactory.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdJobRunShellFactory.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdJobRunShellFactory.java:61:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdJobRunShellFactory.java:70:	Parameter 'schedCtxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdJobRunShellFactory.java:70:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdJobRunShellFactory.java:93:	Parameter 'jobRunShell' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:18:	Possible God class (WMC=67, ATFD=32, TCC=0.23809523809523808)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:18:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:40:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:43:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:53:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:63:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:63:	Private field 'sched' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:65:	Private field 'schedCtxt' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:78:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:81:	Parameter 'sched' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:81:	Parameter 'schedCtxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:151:	Parameter 'seconds' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:165:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:180:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:206:	Avoid excessively long variable names like waitForJobsToComplete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:206:	Parameter 'waitForJobsToComplete' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:241:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:241:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:253:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:264:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:264:	Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:276:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:276:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:288:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:288:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:300:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:301:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:301:	Parameter 'newTrigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:312:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:312:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:324:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:324:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:324:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:336:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:336:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:348:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:348:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:348:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:360:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:360:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:372:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:383:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:383:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:402:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:413:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:413:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:425:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:436:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:436:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:448:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:492:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:492:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:504:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:526:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:537:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:537:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:549:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:549:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:561:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:561:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:573:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:573:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:573:	Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:573:	Parameter 'updateTriggers' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:585:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:596:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:622:	Parameter 'jobListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:631:	Parameter 'jobListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:640:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:649:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:676:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:685:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:694:	Parameter 'triggerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:703:	Parameter 'triggerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:712:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:721:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:748:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:757:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:766:	Parameter 'schedulerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:775:	Parameter 'schedulerListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:788:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:788:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:788:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdScheduler.java:795:	Parameter 'factory' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:18:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:18:	Possible God class (WMC=161, ATFD=203, TCC=0.0)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:68:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:85:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:97:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:118:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:118:	The class 'StdSchedulerFactory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 93).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:118:	The class 'StdSchedulerFactory' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 88).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:118:	The class 'StdSchedulerFactory' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 88).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:128:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_INSTANCE_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:130:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_INSTANCE_ID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:132:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_INSTANCE_ID_GENERATOR_PREFIX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:134:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_INSTANCE_ID_GENERATOR_CLASS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:136:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_THREAD_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:139:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_SKIP_UPDATE_CHECK
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:141:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_JMX_EXPORT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:143:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_JMX_OBJECT_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:145:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_JMX_PROXY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:147:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_JMX_PROXY_CLASS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:149:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_RMI_EXPORT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:151:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:153:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_RMI_PROXY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:153:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:155:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_RMI_HOST
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:155:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_RMI_PORT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:157:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_RMI_SERVER_PORT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:159:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_RMI_CREATE_REGISTRY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:161:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_RMI_BIND_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:163:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_WRAP_JOB_IN_USER_TX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:165:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_USER_TX_URL
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:167:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:169:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_IDLE_WAIT_TIME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:169:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_DB_FAILURE_RETRY_INTERVAL
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:171:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_MAKE_SCHEDULER_THREAD_DAEMON
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:173:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:175:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_SCHEDULER_THREADS_INHERIT_CONTEXT_CLASS_LOADER_OF_INITIALIZING_THREAD
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:175:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:177:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_CLASS_LOAD_HELPER_CLASS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:177:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:179:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_JOB_FACTORY_CLASS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:179:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:181:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_JOB_FACTORY_PREFIX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:181:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:183:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_INTERRUPT_JOBS_ON_SHUTDOWN
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:183:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:185:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_INTERRUPT_JOBS_ON_SHUTDOWN_WITH_WAIT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:185:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:187:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_SCHED_CONTEXT_PREFIX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:187:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:189:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_THREAD_POOL_PREFIX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:189:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:191:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_THREAD_POOL_CLASS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:191:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:193:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_JOB_STORE_PREFIX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:193:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:195:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_JOB_STORE_LOCK_HANDLER_PREFIX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:195:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_JOB_STORE_LOCK_HANDLER_CLASS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:197:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:199:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_JOB_STORE_CLASS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:201:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_JOB_STORE_USE_PROP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:203:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:205:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_PREFIX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:205:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_CONNECTION_PROVIDER_CLASS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:207:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:209:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_DRIVER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:209:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:211:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_URL
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:211:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:213:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_USER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:213:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:215:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_PASSWORD
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:215:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:217:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_MAX_CONNECTIONS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:217:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_VALIDATION_QUERY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:219:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:221:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_JNDI_URL
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:221:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:223:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_JNDI_ALWAYS_LOOKUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:223:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:225:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_JNDI_INITIAL
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:225:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:227:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_JNDI_PROVDER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:227:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:229:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_JNDI_PRINCIPAL
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:229:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_DATASOURCE_JNDI_CREDENTIALS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:231:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:233:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_PLUGIN_PREFIX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:233:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:235:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_JOB_LISTENER_PREFIX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:237:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_TRIGGER_LISTENER_PREFIX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:239:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:241:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_LISTENER_CLASS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:241:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:243:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_INSTANCE_ID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:243:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:245:	Avoid excessively long variable names like AUTO_GENERATE_INSTANCE_ID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:245:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:255:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'initException'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:255:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:255:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:257:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'propSrc'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:257:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:257:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:259:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:259:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:261:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:261:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:276:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:285:	Parameter 'props' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:295:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:307:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:311:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:335:	The method 'initialize' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:335:	The method 'initialize' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:335:	The method 'initialize' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:335:	The method initialize() has an NPath complexity of 1480
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:344:	Local variable 'requestedFile' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:345:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:345:	Local variable 'propFileName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:347:	Local variable 'propFile' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:349:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'props' (lines '349'-'432').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:349:	Local variable 'props' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:351:	Avoid variables with short names like in
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:351:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '351'-'362').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:351:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '351'-'371').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:351:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '351'-'400').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:351:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '351'-'432').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:356:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:366:	The String literal "Properties file: '" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 366
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:370:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:372:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:372:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:394:	Avoid variables with short names like cl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:394:	In J2EE, getClassLoader() might not work as expected.  Use Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:394:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:395:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:397:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:427:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:438:	Parameter 'props' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:439:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sysProps' (lines '439'-'441').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:467:	Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:477:	Avoid variables with short names like is
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:477:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'is' (lines '477'-'480').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:478:	Local variable 'props' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:480:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:480:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:483:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:497:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:498:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:511:	Parameter 'propertiesStream' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:522:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'props' (lines '522'-'540').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:522:	Local variable 'props' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:524:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:548:	Parameter 'props' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:556:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:556:	The method 'instantiate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 93.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:556:	The method 'instantiate' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 88.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:556:	The method 'instantiate' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 88.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:556:	The method instantiate() has an NCSS line count of 398
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:556:	The method instantiate() has an NPath complexity of 1462506496
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:565:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:565:	Avoid variables with short names like js
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:565:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'js' (lines '565'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:566:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:566:	Avoid variables with short names like tp
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:566:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tp' (lines '566'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:567:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:567:	Avoid variables with short names like qs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:567:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'qs' (lines '567'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:568:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:568:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schedCtxt' (lines '568'-'662').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:568:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schedCtxt' (lines '568'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:569:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:569:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dbMgr' (lines '569'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:570:	Avoid excessively long variable names like instanceIdGeneratorClass
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:570:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'instanceIdGeneratorClass' (lines '570'-'596').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:570:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'instanceIdGeneratorClass' (lines '570'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:571:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:571:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tProps' (lines '571'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:572:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userTXLocation' (lines '572'-'601').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wrapJobInTx' (lines '573'-'610').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:574:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'autoId' (lines '574'-'595').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:574:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'autoId' (lines '574'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:575:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'idleWaitTime' (lines '575'-'616').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:576:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dbFailureRetry' (lines '576'-'618').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:577:	Avoid excessively long variable names like classLoadHelperClass
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:580:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:580:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schedRep' (lines '580'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:580:	Local variable 'schedRep' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:585:	Local variable 'schedName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:588:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:588:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'threadName' (lines '588'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:588:	Local variable 'threadName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:594:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:595:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'autoId' (lines '595'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:596:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'instanceIdGeneratorClass' (lines '596'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:603:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:603:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:603:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:604:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:604:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userTXLocation' (lines '604'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:607:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'classLoadHelperClass' (lines '607'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:613:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jobFactoryClass' (lines '613'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:621:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:621:	Avoid excessively long variable names like makeSchedulerThreadDaemon
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:621:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'makeSchedulerThreadDaemon' (lines '621'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:621:	Local variable 'makeSchedulerThreadDaemon' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:624:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:624:	Avoid excessively long variable names like threadsInheritInitalizersClassLoader
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:624:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'threadsInheritInitalizersClassLoader' (lines '624'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:624:	Local variable 'threadsInheritInitalizersClassLoader' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:627:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:627:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skipUpdateCheck' (lines '627'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:627:	Local variable 'skipUpdateCheck' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:629:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:629:	Avoid excessively long variable names like interruptJobsOnShutdown
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:629:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'interruptJobsOnShutdown'.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:629:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'interruptJobsOnShutdown' (lines '629'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:629:	Local variable 'interruptJobsOnShutdown' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:630:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:630:	Avoid excessively long variable names like interruptJobsOnShutdownWithWait
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:630:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'interruptJobsOnShutdownWithWait' (lines '630'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:630:	Local variable 'interruptJobsOnShutdownWithWait' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:632:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:632:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jmxExport' (lines '632'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:632:	Local variable 'jmxExport' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:633:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:633:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jmxObjectName' (lines '633'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:635:	Local variable 'jmxProxy' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:636:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:636:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jmxProxyClass' (lines '636'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:636:	Local variable 'jmxProxyClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:638:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:638:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rmiExport' (lines '638'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:638:	Local variable 'rmiExport' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:639:	Local variable 'rmiProxy' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:640:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:640:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rmiHost' (lines '640'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:640:	Local variable 'rmiHost' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:641:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:641:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rmiPort' (lines '641'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:641:	Local variable 'rmiPort' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:642:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:642:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rmiServerPort' (lines '642'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:642:	Local variable 'rmiServerPort' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:643:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:643:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rmiCreateRegistry' (lines '643'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:643:	Local variable 'rmiCreateRegistry' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:646:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:646:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rmiBindName' (lines '646'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:646:	Local variable 'rmiBindName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:652:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:652:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schedCtxtProps' (lines '652'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:652:	Local variable 'schedCtxtProps' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:663:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:665:	Local variable 'uid' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:668:	Local variable 'remoteScheduler' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:671:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:673:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:678:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loadHelper' (lines '678'-'680').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:680:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'loadHelper' (lines '680'-'1.312').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:680:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:682:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:685:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:687:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:702:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:702:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:704:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:710:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:716:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:717:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:722:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:724:	The String literal "' props could not be configured." appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 724
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:729:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:731:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:733:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:740:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:740:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:742:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:745:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:751:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:760:	Avoid excessively long variable names like instanceIdGenerator
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:763:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:763:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:765:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:768:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:774:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:786:	Local variable 'tpClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:796:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:796:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:797:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:799:	The String literal "' could not be instantiated." appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 799
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:807:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:818:	Local variable 'jsClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:818:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:819:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:829:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:829:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:830:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:843:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:853:	Local variable 'lockHandlerClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:856:	Local variable 'lockHandler' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:856:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:856:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:862:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:862:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:863:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:868:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:875:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:876:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:877:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:889:	Local variable 'dsNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:891:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:891:	Avoid variables with short names like pp
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:891:	Local variable 'pp' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:891:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:894:	Local variable 'cpClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:894:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:897:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:898:	Avoid variables with short names like cp
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:900:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:900:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:901:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:902:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:911:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:911:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:914:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:915:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:916:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:924:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:924:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:926:	Local variable 'dsJndi' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:926:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:928:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:929:	Local variable 'dsAlwaysLookup' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:929:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:931:	Local variable 'dsJndiInitial' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:931:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:933:	Local variable 'dsJndiProvider' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:933:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:935:	Local variable 'dsJndiPrincipal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:935:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:937:	Local variable 'dsJndiCredentials' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:937:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:942:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:944:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:948:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:952:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:956:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:960:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:960:	Avoid variables with short names like cp
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:960:	Local variable 'cp' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:963:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:963:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:965:	Local variable 'dsDriver' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:965:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:966:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:966:	Local variable 'dsURL' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:966:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:967:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:967:	Local variable 'dsUser' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:967:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:968:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:968:	Local variable 'dsPass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:968:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:969:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:969:	Local variable 'dsCnt' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:969:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:970:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:970:	Local variable 'dsValidation' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:970:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:973:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:979:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:985:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:985:	Avoid variables with short names like cp
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:985:	Local variable 'cp' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:989:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:989:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:991:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1005:	Local variable 'pluginNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1008:	Avoid variables with short names like pp
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1008:	Local variable 'pp' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1008:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1011:	Local variable 'plugInClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1011:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1014:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1023:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1023:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1024:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1025:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1034:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1035:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1049:	Local variable 'strArg' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1050:	Local variable 'jobListenerNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1053:	Avoid variables with short names like lp
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1053:	Local variable 'lp' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1053:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1056:	Local variable 'listenerClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1056:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1059:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1068:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1068:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1069:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1070:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1078:	Local variable 'nameSetter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1078:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1078:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1080:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1083:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1084:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1097:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerListenerNames
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1097:	Local variable 'triggerListenerNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1100:	Avoid variables with short names like lp
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1100:	Local variable 'lp' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1103:	Local variable 'listenerClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1106:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1116:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1117:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1125:	Local variable 'nameSetter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1127:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1130:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1131:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1166:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1166:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1167:	Avoid variables with short names like m
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1167:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1169:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1171:	Local variable 'uuid' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1177:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1179:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1184:	Local variable 'jjs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1186:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1190:	Local variable 'rsrcs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1216:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1236:	Local variable 'scheduler' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1257:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1259:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1260:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1293:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1294:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1298:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1298:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1300:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1301:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1307:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1308:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1309:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1314:	Avoid variables with short names like qs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1314:	Parameter 'qs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1314:	Parameter 'rsrcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1314:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1315:	Local variable 'schedCtxt' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1318:	Local variable 'scheduler' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1319:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'scheduler'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1323:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1323:	Parameter 'props' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1323:	The method 'setBeanProps' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1323:	The method 'setBeanProps' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1323:	The method 'setBeanProps' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1329:	Avoid variables with short names like bi
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1329:	Local variable 'bi' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1330:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propDescs' (lines '1.330'-'1.385').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1330:	Local variable 'propDescs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1331:	Avoid variables with short names like pp
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1331:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pp' (lines '1.331'-'1.385').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1331:	Local variable 'pp' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1333:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1335:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1336:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1336:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1337:	Local variable 'methName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1339:	Local variable 'setMeth' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1339:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.lang.reflect.Method' due to existing import 'java.lang.reflect.Method'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1347:	Local variable 'params' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1348:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1353:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1354:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'refProps' (lines '1.354'-'1.358').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1354:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'refProps' (lines '1.354'-'1.385').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1357:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1358:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'refProps' (lines '1.358'-'1.385').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1361:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1361:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'refName' (lines '1.361'-'1.385').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1363:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1363:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1364:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1364:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1364:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1366:	Avoid instantiating Long objects.Call Long.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1366:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1366:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1367:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1367:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1368:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1369:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1369:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1370:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1370:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1371:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1371:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1372:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1372:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1372:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1374:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1381:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1382:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1387:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1387:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.lang.reflect.Method' due to existing import 'java.lang.reflect.Method'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1388:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1388:	Parameter 'props' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1390:	Local variable 'wMeth' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1390:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1390:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1390:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.lang.reflect.Method' due to existing import 'java.lang.reflect.Method'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1393:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1400:	Parameter 'className' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1403:	Avoid variables with short names like cl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1403:	Local variable 'cl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1404:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1405:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1405:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1408:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1408:	In J2EE, getClassLoader() might not work as expected.  Use Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1408:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1409:	In J2EE, getClassLoader() might not work as expected.  Use Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1416:	In J2EE, getClassLoader() might not work as expected.  Use Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1416:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1416:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1417:	In J2EE, getClassLoader() might not work as expected.  Use Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1427:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getSchedulerInstId()'.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1432:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1448:	Local variable 'schedRep' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1454:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1456:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1474:	Local variable 'fact' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1485:	Parameter 'schedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1486:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/StdSchedulerFactory.java:1496:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:29:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:43:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:45:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:48:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'dataSorted'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:50:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:50:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:53:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:57:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:61:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:61:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:65:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:65:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:66:	Local variable 'clone' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:76:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:85:	Parameter 'day' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:94:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:97:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dmonth' (lines '97'-'126').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:97:	Local variable 'dmonth' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dday' (lines '98'-'126').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:98:	Local variable 'dday' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:100:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:105:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:107:	Avoid variables with short names like cl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:107:	Local variable 'cl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:111:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:122:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:122:	Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:134:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:134:	Parameter 'days' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:149:	Parameter 'day' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:149:	Parameter 'exclude' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:152:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:172:	Parameter 'day' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:176:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'day'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:176:	Parameter 'isChecked' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:179:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:187:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dmonth' (lines '187'-'209').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:187:	Local variable 'dmonth' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:188:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dday' (lines '188'-'209').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:188:	Local variable 'dday' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:190:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:192:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:194:	Avoid variables with short names like cl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:194:	Local variable 'cl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:205:	Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:212:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:222:	Parameter 'timeStamp' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:225:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:225:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:227:	Local variable 'day' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:232:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:243:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'timeStamp'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:245:	Local variable 'baseTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:246:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:246:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:251:	Local variable 'day' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:252:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:253:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:256:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:264:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:265:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:265:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:265:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:271:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:271:	Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:272:	Avoid variables with short names like c1
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:272:	Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:273:	Avoid variables with short names like c2
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:273:	Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:275:	Local variable 'month1' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:276:	Local variable 'month2' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:278:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:278:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'day1' (lines '278'-'294').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:278:	Local variable 'day1' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:279:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'day2' (lines '279'-'294').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:279:	Local variable 'day2' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:282:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:285:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:288:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/AnnualCalendar.java:291:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:48:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:51:	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:57:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:60:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:68:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:76:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:76:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:81:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:83:	Local variable 'clone' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:87:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:91:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:100:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:132:	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:153:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:157:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:166:	Parameter 'timeStamp' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:174:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:174:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:174:	These nested if statements could be combined
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:180:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:189:	Parameter 'timeStamp' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:197:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:208:	Parameter 'timeStamp' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:209:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:226:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:227:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:236:	Parameter 'timeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:237:	Local variable 'startOfDay' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:245:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:255:	Parameter 'timeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:256:	Local variable 'endOfDay' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendar.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:11:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:28:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:30:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:38:	Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:43:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:52:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:53:	Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:57:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:72:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:73:	Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:73:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:79:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:79:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:80:	Local variable 'clone' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:97:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:107:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:119:	Parameter 'timeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:120:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:121:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:121:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:122:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:125:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:128:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:137:	Parameter 'timeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:148:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:150:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:151:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:151:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:152:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:170:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:170:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 51 characters appended.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:172:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:177:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:178:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:179:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:201:	Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:202:	Local variable 'newExp' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/CronCalendar.java:212:	Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=50, ATFD=66, TCC=0.14545454545454545)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.quartz.CronExpression'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:11:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:31:	The class 'DailyCalendar' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:32:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:34:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'invalidHourOfDay' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:35:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'invalidMinute' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:36:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'invalidSecond' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:37:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'invalidMillis' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:38:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'invalidTimeRange' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:39:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'separator' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:40:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'oneMillis' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:41:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'colon' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingHourOfDay
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingMinute
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingSecond
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingHourOfDay
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:52:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'invertTimeRange'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:54:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:85:	Parameter 'rangeStartingTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:86:	Parameter 'rangeEndingTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:91:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:125:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:126:	Parameter 'rangeStartingTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:127:	Parameter 'rangeEndingTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:132:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingHourOfDay
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:163:	Parameter 'rangeStartingHourOfDay' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingMinute
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:164:	Parameter 'rangeStartingMinute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingSecond
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:165:	Parameter 'rangeStartingSecond' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:166:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:166:	Parameter 'rangeStartingMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingHourOfDay
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:167:	Parameter 'rangeEndingHourOfDay' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:168:	Parameter 'rangeEndingMinute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:169:	Parameter 'rangeEndingSecond' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:170:	Parameter 'rangeEndingMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:182:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:218:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingHourOfDay
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:219:	Parameter 'rangeStartingHourOfDay' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingMinute
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:220:	Parameter 'rangeStartingMinute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:221:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingSecond
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:221:	Parameter 'rangeStartingSecond' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:222:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:222:	Parameter 'rangeStartingMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:223:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingHourOfDay
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:223:	Parameter 'rangeEndingHourOfDay' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:224:	Parameter 'rangeEndingMinute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:225:	Parameter 'rangeEndingSecond' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:226:	Parameter 'rangeEndingMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:238:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:266:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingCalendar
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:266:	Parameter 'rangeStartingCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:267:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingCalendar
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:267:	Parameter 'rangeEndingCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:272:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:302:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:303:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingCalendar
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:303:	Parameter 'rangeStartingCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:304:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingCalendar
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:304:	Parameter 'rangeEndingCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:309:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:327:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:338:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingTimeInMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:338:	Parameter 'rangeStartingTimeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:339:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingTimeInMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:339:	Parameter 'rangeEndingTimeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:345:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:363:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:378:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:379:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingTimeInMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:379:	Parameter 'rangeStartingTimeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:380:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingTimeInMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:380:	Parameter 'rangeEndingTimeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:386:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:409:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:410:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingTimeInMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:410:	Parameter 'rangeStartingTimeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:411:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingTimeInMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:411:	Parameter 'rangeEndingTimeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:417:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:444:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:445:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:446:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingTimeInMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:446:	Parameter 'rangeStartingTimeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:447:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingTimeInMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:447:	Parameter 'rangeEndingTimeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:453:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:453:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:453:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:454:	Local variable 'clone' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:455:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'clone'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:466:	Parameter 'timeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:467:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:468:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:468:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:468:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:469:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:472:	Avoid excessively long variable names like startOfDayInMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:472:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startOfDayInMillis' (lines '472'-'488').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:472:	Local variable 'startOfDayInMillis' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:472:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:472:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:473:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endOfDayInMillis' (lines '473'-'488').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:473:	Local variable 'endOfDayInMillis' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:473:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:473:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:474:	Avoid excessively long variable names like timeRangeStartingTimeInMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:474:	Local variable 'timeRangeStartingTimeInMillis' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:476:	Avoid excessively long variable names like timeRangeEndingTimeInMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:476:	Local variable 'timeRangeEndingTimeInMillis' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:478:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:479:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:480:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:480:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:482:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:485:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:485:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:486:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:490:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:499:	Parameter 'timeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:499:	The method 'getNextIncludedTime' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:503:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:510:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:512:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:518:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:518:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:519:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:519:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:519:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:521:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:539:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:539:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:541:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:541:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:542:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:542:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:542:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:544:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:554:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:563:	Parameter 'timeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:564:	Local variable 'rangeStartingTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:565:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:566:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:567:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:568:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:569:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:569:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:572:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:581:	Parameter 'timeInMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:582:	Local variable 'rangeEndingTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:583:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:584:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:585:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:586:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:587:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:587:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:596:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:606:	Parameter 'flag' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:617:	Local variable 'numberFormatter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:618:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:619:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:620:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:620:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 59 characters appended.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:622:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:623:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:627:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:628:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:628:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:629:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:629:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:630:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:630:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:631:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:631:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:632:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:632:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:633:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:634:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:635:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:636:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:637:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:638:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:638:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:639:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:639:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:640:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:640:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:641:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:641:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:642:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:642:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:643:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:644:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:645:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:645:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:653:	Parameter 'delim' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:653:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:654:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:656:	Local variable 'stringTokenizer' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:664:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:673:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingTimeString
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:673:	Parameter 'rangeStartingTimeString' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:674:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingTimeString
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:674:	Parameter 'rangeEndingTimeString' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:676:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:676:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingHourOfDay
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:677:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:677:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingMinute
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:678:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:678:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingSecond
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:679:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:679:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:681:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:682:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:682:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingHourOfDay
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:683:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:684:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:685:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:689:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:689:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:694:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rangeStartingHourOfDay' (lines '694'-'735').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:695:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rangeStartingMinute' (lines '695'-'735').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:695:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:696:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:697:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rangeStartingSecond' (lines '697'-'735').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:697:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:699:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rangeStartingSecond' (lines '699'-'735').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:701:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:702:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rangeStartingMillis' (lines '702'-'735').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:702:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:704:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rangeStartingMillis' (lines '704'-'735').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:709:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:709:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:714:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:715:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:716:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:717:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:721:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:722:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:737:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:752:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingHourOfDay
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:752:	Parameter 'rangeStartingHourOfDay' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:753:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingMinute
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:753:	Parameter 'rangeStartingMinute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:754:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingSecond
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:754:	Parameter 'rangeStartingSecond' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:755:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingMillis
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:755:	Parameter 'rangeStartingMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:756:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingHourOfDay
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:756:	Parameter 'rangeEndingHourOfDay' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:757:	Parameter 'rangeEndingMinute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:758:	Parameter 'rangeEndingSecond' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:759:	Parameter 'rangeEndingMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:770:	Local variable 'startCal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:771:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:772:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:773:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:774:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:776:	Local variable 'endCal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:777:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:778:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:779:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:780:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:782:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:804:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:813:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeStartingCalendar
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:813:	Parameter 'rangeStartingCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:814:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rangeEndingCalendar
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:814:	Parameter 'rangeEndingCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:826:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:835:	Parameter 'rangeStartingTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:836:	Parameter 'rangeEndingTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:842:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:851:	Parameter 'hourOfDay' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:851:	Parameter 'millis' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:851:	Parameter 'minute' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendar.java:851:	Parameter 'second' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:29:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:46:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:49:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:51:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:51:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:54:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:58:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:62:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:62:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:66:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:66:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:67:	Local variable 'clone' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:72:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:82:	Parameter 'timeStamp' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:83:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:84:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:87:	Local variable 'lookFor' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:92:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:102:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'timeStamp'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:105:	Local variable 'baseTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:106:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:106:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:111:	Local variable 'day' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:112:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:125:	Parameter 'excludedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:126:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:134:	Parameter 'dateToRemove' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:135:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/HolidayCalendar.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Arrays'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.TreeSet'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:42:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:51:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'excludeAll'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:57:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:61:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:65:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:65:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:69:	Overridable method 'areAllDaysExcluded' called during object construction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:72:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:72:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:73:	Local variable 'clone' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:86:	Returning 'excludeDays' may expose an internal array.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:96:	Parameter 'day' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:97:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:97:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:112:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:112:	Parameter 'days' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:112:	The user-supplied array 'days' is stored directly.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:134:	Parameter 'day' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:134:	Parameter 'exclude' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:135:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:135:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:151:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:152:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:159:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:169:	Parameter 'timeStamp' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:170:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:171:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:176:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:176:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:178:	Avoid variables with short names like cl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:178:	Local variable 'cl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:179:	Local variable 'day' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:184:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:195:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'timeStamp'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:196:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:197:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:201:	Local variable 'baseTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:202:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:202:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:207:	Avoid variables with short names like cl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:207:	Local variable 'cl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:211:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:214:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/MonthlyCalendar.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Arrays'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:40:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:47:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'excludeAll'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:53:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:57:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:61:	Parameter 'baseCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:61:	Parameter 'timeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:66:	Overridable method 'areAllDaysExcluded' called during object construction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:69:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:69:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:70:	Local variable 'clone' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:81:	Returning 'excludeDays' may expose an internal array.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:90:	Parameter 'wday' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:101:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:101:	Parameter 'weekDays' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:101:	The user-supplied array 'weekDays' is stored directly.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:117:	Parameter 'exclude' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:117:	Parameter 'wday' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:140:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:150:	Parameter 'timeStamp' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:151:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:152:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:157:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:157:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:159:	Avoid variables with short names like cl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:159:	Local variable 'cl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:160:	Local variable 'wday' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:165:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:176:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'timeStamp'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:177:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:178:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:182:	Local variable 'baseTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:183:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:183:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:188:	Avoid variables with short names like cl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:188:	Local variable 'cl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:192:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:195:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/WeeklyCalendar.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:42:	Private field 'conn' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like overwroteOriginalAutoCommitValue
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like overwroteOriginalTxIsolationValue
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like originalAutoCommitValue
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like originalTxIsolationValue
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:54:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:58:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:62:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:62:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:62:	Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:62:	Parameter 'proxy' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:71:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:82:	Parameter 'autoCommit' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentAutoCommitValue
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:83:	Local variable 'currentAutoCommitValue' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:86:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:100:	Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:101:	Local variable 'currentLevel' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:104:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:113:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:136:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:144:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/AttributeRestoringConnectionInvocationHandler.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:28:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:40:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:50:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:50:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:50:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:54:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:66:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:66:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:66:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:67:	Parameter 'useProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:75:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:92:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:92:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:92:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '94'-'104').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:96:	Local variable 'inputBytes' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:99:	Local variable 'bais' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:102:	Avoid variables with short names like in
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:102:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/CloudscapeDelegate.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:20:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:30:	An Interface should be used only to model a behaviour; consider converting this to a class.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABLE_SIMPLE_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABLE_CRON_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABLE_BLOB_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABLE_FIRED_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABLE_JOB_LISTENERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABLE_TRIGGER_LISTENERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABLE_PAUSED_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABLE_SCHEDULER_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:70:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COL_REQUESTS_RECOVERY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:76:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:78:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:80:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:82:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:85:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:88:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:90:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COL_NEXT_FIRE_TIME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:92:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COL_PREV_FIRE_TIME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:94:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:98:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:100:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:102:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:104:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COL_MISFIRE_INSTRUCTION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:106:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ALIAS_COL_NEXT_FIRE_TIME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:108:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:111:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COL_REPEAT_INTERVAL
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:113:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COL_TIMES_TRIGGERED
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:115:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COL_CRON_EXPRESSION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:118:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:121:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:123:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COL_TRIGGER_LISTENER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:126:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:129:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:131:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:133:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:135:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:138:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:140:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:143:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COL_LAST_CHECKIN_TIME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:146:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:148:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COL_CHECKIN_INTERVAL
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:148:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_TABLE_PREFIX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:151:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:154:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:156:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:158:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:160:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:162:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:164:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:166:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:168:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_PAUSED_BLOCKED
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:168:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:170:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:179:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:182:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:184:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Constants.java:186:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:35:	The String literal "SELECT COUNT(*) FROM " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 35
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_NUM_TRIGGERS_FOR_JOB
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_NUM_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_NUM_CALENDARS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:51:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:51:	Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:51:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:55:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:55:	Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:55:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:56:	Parameter 'useProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:60:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:61:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '61'-'66').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '62'-'67').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '65'-'70').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:80:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:80:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:81:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:82:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '82'-'86').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:83:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '83'-'89').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:92:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:102:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:103:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:103:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '103'-'108').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:104:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '104'-'109').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:107:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '107'-'112').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:122:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:122:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:123:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '123'-'128').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:124:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:124:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '124'-'129').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '127'-'132').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v6Delegate.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:40:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:40:	Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:40:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:44:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:44:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:44:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:45:	Parameter 'useProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:53:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:57:	Parameter 'baos' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:57:	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:57:	Parameter 'ps' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:58:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:65:	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:65:	Parameter 'ps' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:65:	Parameter 'val' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v7Delegate.java:66:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:24:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:35:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:35:	Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:35:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:39:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:39:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:39:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:40:	Parameter 'useProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:48:	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:48:	Parameter 'ps' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:48:	Parameter 'val' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DB2v8Delegate.java:49:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:26:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:30:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:30:	Class contains more than one logger.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:33:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:43:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:59:	Parameter 'defaultSQL' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:59:	Parameter 'sql' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:59:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:73:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:77:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:98:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'lockName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:98:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:103:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:107:	The String literal "Lock '" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 107
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:110:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:136:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'lockName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:136:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:153:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:161:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'lockName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:161:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:174:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:178:	Parameter 'sql' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:178:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:179:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:179:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:179:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:192:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:196:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DBSemaphore.java:196:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:18:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:36:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:44:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:57:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:57:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:70:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:90:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:101:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:104:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:116:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:118:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:134:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:145:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:147:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:159:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:162:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:173:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:186:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:197:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:209:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:220:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:232:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:248:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:264:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:280:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:297:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:313:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:329:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:345:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:361:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:377:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:393:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:409:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:431:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:442:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:453:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:471:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:487:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:501:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:515:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:529:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:545:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:559:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:573:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:587:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:603:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:621:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:640:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:644:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:667:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:672:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:695:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:716:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:720:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:741:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:759:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:777:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:781:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:797:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:813:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:829:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:845:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:861:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:877:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:893:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:909:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:927:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:942:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:961:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:976:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:993:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1011:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1027:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1043:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1054:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1065:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1079:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1093:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1096:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1099:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1115:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1133:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1151:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1165:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1184:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1198:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1212:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1223:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1238:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1251:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1267:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1269:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1276:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1278:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1280:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1285:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1335:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1350:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1364:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1376:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1389:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1402:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/DriverDelegate.java:1414:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:29:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:29:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerInstanceId
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobRequestsRecovery
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:95:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:99:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:99:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:103:	Avoid variables with short names like b
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:103:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:107:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:111:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:111:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:115:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:115:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:119:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:119:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:123:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:127:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:131:	Avoid variables with short names like b
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:131:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:131:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:135:	Avoid variables with short names like b
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:135:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:135:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:139:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:144:	Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/FiredTriggerRecord.java:144:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:38:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:48:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:48:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:48:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:52:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:64:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:64:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:64:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:65:	Parameter 'useProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:73:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:90:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:90:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:90:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:92:	Local variable 'binaryInput' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:95:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:98:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '98'-'102').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:100:	Avoid variables with short names like in
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:100:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:110:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:110:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:110:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:110:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:113:	Local variable 'binaryInput' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:114:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/HSQLDBDelegate.java:114:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'binaryInput'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/InvalidConfigurationException.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/InvalidConfigurationException.java:38:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/InvalidConfigurationException.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/InvalidConfigurationException.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:32:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:36:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:44:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:49:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:50:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:63:	Class contains more than one logger.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:63:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:63:	The class 'JTANonClusteredSemaphore' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:63:	The class 'JTANonClusteredSemaphore' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:63:	The class 'JTANonClusteredSemaphore' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_TRANSACTION_MANANGER_LOCATION
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:73:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:75:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:75:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:75:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:77:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:77:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:77:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:77:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:79:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:79:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManagerJNDIName
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:81:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:81:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:92:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManagerJNDIName
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:96:	Parameter 'transactionManagerJNDIName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:100:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:115:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'lockName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:115:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:115:	The method 'obtainLock' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:115:	The method 'obtainLock' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:115:	The method 'obtainLock' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:115:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:119:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:123:	The String literal "Lock '" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 123
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:127:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:148:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:148:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:152:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:178:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:185:	Avoid variables with short names like ic
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:185:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ic' (lines '185'-'187').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:188:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:188:	Local variable 'tm' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:199:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:209:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:209:	Parameter 'lockName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:209:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:213:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:222:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:225:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:226:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fromSynchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:226:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'lockName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:226:	Parameter 'fromSynchronization' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:231:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:232:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:232:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:253:	Call Thread.notifyAll() rather than Thread.notify()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:267:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'lockName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:267:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:267:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:286:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:286:	Private field 'lockName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:286:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:288:	Parameter 'lockName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:288:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:292:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:296:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:296:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JTANonClusteredSemaphore.java:299:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:30:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:48:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonManagedTxDsName
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:58:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dontSetNonManagedTXConnectionAutoCommitFalse
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:61:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'dontSetNonManagedTXConnectionAutoCommitFalse'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like setTxIsolationLevelReadCommitted
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:64:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'setTxIsolationLevelReadCommitted'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:64:	Field setTxIsolationLevelReadCommitted has the same name as a method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:64:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:64:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonManagedTxDsName
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:80:	Parameter 'nonManagedTxDsName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:105:	Avoid variables with short names like b
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:105:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:119:	Avoid variables with short names like b
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:119:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:124:	Parameter 'loadHelper' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:124:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:125:	Parameter 'signaler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:158:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '160'-'162').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:162:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '162'-'205').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:169:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:197:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:198:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:198:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:207:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:223:	Parameter 'lockName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:224:	Parameter 'txCallback' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:225:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transOwner' (lines '225'-'235').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:225:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transOwner' (lines '225'-'250').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:226:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '226'-'232').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:235:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transOwner' (lines '235'-'250').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreCMT.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:18:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:18:	Possible God class (WMC=525, ATFD=345, TCC=0.010123734533183352)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:18:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:67:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:67:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:67:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:67:	The class 'JobStoreSupport' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 27).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:67:	The class 'JobStoreSupport' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 17).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:67:	The class 'JobStoreSupport' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 17).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:67:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:67:	Too many fields
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LOCK_TRIGGER_ACCESS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:77:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:79:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LOCK_CALENDAR_ACCESS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:81:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:83:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LOCK_MISFIRE_ACCESS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:85:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:95:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:95:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:97:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:99:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'useProperties'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:99:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:99:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:101:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:103:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:105:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:105:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:106:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:106:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:108:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:108:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:108:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:110:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:110:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:112:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dontSetAutoCommitFalse
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:114:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'dontSetAutoCommitFalse'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:114:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:116:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'isClustered'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:116:	Field isClustered has the same name as a method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:116:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:116:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:118:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'useDBLocks'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:118:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:120:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:122:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lockHandler'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:122:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:124:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'selectWithLockSQL'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:124:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like clusterCheckinInterval
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:126:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like clusterManagementThread
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:128:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'clusterManagementThread'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:128:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:128:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:130:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'misfireHandler'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:130:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:130:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:132:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:132:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:134:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:134:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxToRecoverAtATime
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:136:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:136:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like setTxIsolationLevelSequential
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:138:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'setTxIsolationLevelSequential'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:138:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:138:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:140:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acquireTriggersWithinLock
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:140:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'acquireTriggersWithinLock'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:140:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:142:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like makeThreadsDaemons
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:144:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'makeThreadsDaemons'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:144:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like threadsInheritInitializersClassLoadContext
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:146:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'threadsInheritInitializersClassLoadContext'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:146:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initializersLoader
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:147:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'initializersLoader'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:147:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:147:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like doubleCheckLockMisfireHandler
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:149:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:151:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:151:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:167:	Parameter 'dsName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:186:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'prefix'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:208:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'useProp'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:213:	Unnecessary wrapper object creation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:230:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:245:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:247:	Parameter 'instanceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:252:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:259:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:259:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:268:	Parameter 'isClustered' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:299:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:299:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:321:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxToRecoverAtATime
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:321:	Parameter 'maxToRecoverAtATime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:334:	Parameter 'dbRetryInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:344:	Parameter 'useDBLocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:354:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:358:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:362:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:374:	Parameter 'lockOnInsert' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:378:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:389:	Parameter 'misfireThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:390:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:397:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:408:	Avoid variables with short names like b
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:408:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:412:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:421:	Avoid variables with short names like b
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:421:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:443:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acquireTriggersWithinLock
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:443:	Parameter 'acquireTriggersWithinLock' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:456:	Parameter 'delegateClassName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:472:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:484:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:488:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:499:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:510:	Avoid excessively long variable names like makeThreadsDaemons
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:510:	Parameter 'makeThreadsDaemons' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:527:	Avoid excessively long variable names like threadsInheritInitializersClassLoadContext
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:527:	Parameter 'threadsInheritInitializersClassLoadContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:537:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:548:	Avoid excessively long variable names like doubleCheckLockMisfireHandler
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:548:	Parameter 'doubleCheckLockMisfireHandler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:556:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:566:	Parameter 'loadHelper' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:567:	Parameter 'signaler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:575:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:575:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:575:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:575:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:576:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:592:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:597:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:620:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:633:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:655:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:657:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:661:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:669:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:677:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:679:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:684:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:685:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '685'-'687').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:687:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '687'-'728').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:687:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:692:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:692:	The String literal "': " appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 692
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:693:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:696:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:712:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:716:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:719:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:720:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:721:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:721:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:721:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:730:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:730:	Parameter 'doIt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:730:	Parameter 'lockName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:730:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:733:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:735:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:750:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:750:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:764:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:768:	Local variable 'volatileTriggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:768:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:769:	Local variable 'volatileJobs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:769:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:772:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:772:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:772:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:772:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:772:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:772:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:773:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:773:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:775:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:776:	The String literal "Removed " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 776
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:780:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:780:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:780:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:780:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:780:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:780:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:781:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:781:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:783:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:787:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:789:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:805:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:805:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:811:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:820:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:823:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:826:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:829:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:837:	Avoid excessively long variable names like recoveringJobTriggers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:837:	Local variable 'recoveringJobTriggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:837:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:839:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:846:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:846:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:846:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:846:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:846:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:846:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:847:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:847:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:848:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:848:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:849:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:853:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:856:	Avoid variables with short names like ct
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:856:	Local variable 'ct' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:856:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:858:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:858:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:858:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:858:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:858:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:858:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:858:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:858:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:860:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:861:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:865:	Avoid variables with short names like n
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:865:	Local variable 'n' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:865:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:866:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:867:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:869:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:875:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:881:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:889:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:892:	Avoid excessively long variable names like _hasMoreMisfiredTriggers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:892:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:892:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_hasMoreMisfiredTriggers' is not final.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:892:	Private field '_hasMoreMisfiredTriggers' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:892:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:893:	Avoid excessively long variable names like _processedMisfiredTriggerCount
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:893:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:893:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_processedMisfiredTriggerCount' is not final.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:893:	Private field '_processedMisfiredTriggerCount' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:893:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:894:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:894:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_earliestNewTime' is not final.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:894:	Private field '_earliestNewTime' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:894:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:896:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:897:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hasMoreMisfiredTriggers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:897:	Avoid excessively long variable names like processedMisfiredTriggerCount
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:897:	Parameter 'earliestNewTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:897:	Parameter 'hasMoreMisfiredTriggers' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:897:	Parameter 'processedMisfiredTriggerCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:903:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:906:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:909:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:914:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:915:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:915:	Parameter 'recovering' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:920:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxMisfiresToHandleAtATime
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:920:	Local variable 'maxMisfiresToHandleAtATime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:921:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:923:	Local variable 'misfiredTriggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:924:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:924:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'earliestNewTime' (lines '924'-'965').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:927:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hasMoreMisfiredTriggers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:927:	Local variable 'hasMoreMisfiredTriggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:928:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:933:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:934:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:937:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:937:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:938:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:939:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:942:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:944:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:947:	Avoid excessively long variable names like misfiredTriggerIter
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:947:	Local variable 'misfiredTriggerIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:947:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:948:	Local variable 'triggerKey' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:950:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:951:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:951:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:959:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:959:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:959:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:959:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:960:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:960:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:964:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:967:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:967:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:968:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:968:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:968:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:969:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newStateIfNotComplete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:969:	Parameter 'forceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:969:	Parameter 'newStateIfNotComplete' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:975:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:982:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:982:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:983:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:992:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:999:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newStateIfNotComplete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:999:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:999:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:999:	Parameter 'forceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:999:	Parameter 'newStateIfNotComplete' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:999:	Parameter 'recovering' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:999:	Parameter 'trig' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1000:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cal' (lines '1.000'-'1.002').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1018:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1020:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1035:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1035:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1037:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1037:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1039:	Local variable 'jpe' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1053:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1071:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1071:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1073:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1073:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1084:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1084:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1085:	Parameter 'newJob' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1085:	Parameter 'replaceExisting' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1088:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1092:	Local variable 'existingJob' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1099:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1117:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1117:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1118:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1124:	The String literal "): " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1.124
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1129:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1148:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1148:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1150:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1150:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1162:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1162:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1162:	The method 'storeTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1162:	The method 'storeTrigger' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1162:	The method 'storeTrigger' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1162:	The method storeTrigger() has an NPath complexity of 42129
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1163:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'job'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1163:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'state'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1163:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'state'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1163:	Parameter 'newTrigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1163:	Parameter 'replaceExisting' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1164:	Parameter 'forceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1164:	Parameter 'recovering' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1171:	Local variable 'existingTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1174:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1174:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shouldBepaused' (lines '1.180'-'1.183').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1180:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shouldBepaused' (lines '1.180'-'1.248').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1222:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1225:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1234:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1237:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1244:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1255:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1255:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1256:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1266:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1291:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1291:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1298:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1298:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1298:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1299:	Parameter 'activeDeleteSafe' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1299:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1299:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1303:	Local variable 'jobTriggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1323:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1324:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'ctxt'.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1324:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1324:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1324:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1328:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1339:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1339:	Parameter 'triggerGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1339:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1341:	Local variable 'delegate' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1344:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1344:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1345:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1345:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1351:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1351:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1354:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1370:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1370:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1376:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1376:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1376:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1377:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1377:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1379:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1382:	Local variable 'listeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1382:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1385:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1385:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1406:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1419:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1436:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1436:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1443:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1443:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1443:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1444:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1444:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1446:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'removedTrigger' (lines '1.446'-'1.452').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1449:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1449:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1452:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'removedTrigger' (lines '1.452'-'1.473').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1455:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1456:	Local variable 'numTriggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1456:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1457:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1457:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1461:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1461:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1465:	The String literal "Couldn't remove trigger: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1.465
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1466:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1469:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1476:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1483:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1483:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1490:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1490:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1490:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1491:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1491:	Parameter 'newTrigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1491:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1495:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1495:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1499:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1502:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1502:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1503:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1503:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1507:	Local variable 'removedTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1522:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1538:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1538:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1544:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1544:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1544:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1545:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1545:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1550:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1550:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1550:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1550:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1553:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1553:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1556:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1563:	Local variable 'listeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1566:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1566:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1570:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1576:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1591:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1591:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1592:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1597:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1597:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1597:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1598:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1598:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1601:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1601:	Local variable 'ts' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1601:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1605:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1608:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1609:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1612:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1613:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1616:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1617:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1620:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1621:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1624:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1625:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1628:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1629:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1641:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1662:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1662:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1664:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1664:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1670:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1670:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1670:	The method 'storeCalendar' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1670:	The method 'storeCalendar' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1670:	The method 'storeCalendar' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1670:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1671:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1671:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1671:	Parameter 'replaceExisting' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1671:	Parameter 'updateTriggers' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1674:	Local variable 'existingCal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1681:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1681:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1687:	Local variable 'trigs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1687:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1690:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1690:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1691:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1695:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1695:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1701:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1718:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1718:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1718:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1721:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1729:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1749:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1749:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1756:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1756:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1756:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1757:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1759:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1764:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1768:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1768:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1775:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1789:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1789:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1795:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1795:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1796:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1796:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1800:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1800:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1802:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1806:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1807:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1814:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1818:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1821:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1835:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1835:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1836:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1841:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1841:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1841:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1844:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1861:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1861:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1862:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1867:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1867:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1867:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1870:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1887:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1887:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1888:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1893:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1893:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1893:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1896:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1903:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1918:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1918:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1924:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1924:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1924:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1925:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1926:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jobNames' (lines '1.926'-'1.929').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1929:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jobNames' (lines '1.929'-'1.936').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1929:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1932:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1938:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1953:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1953:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1959:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1959:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1959:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1960:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1962:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trigNames' (lines '1.962'-'1.965').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1965:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trigNames' (lines '1.965'-'1.972').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1965:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1968:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1975:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1990:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1990:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1996:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1996:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1996:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:1999:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'groupNames' (lines '1.999'-'2.002').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2002:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'groupNames' (lines '2.002'-'2.009').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2002:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2005:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2011:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2026:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2026:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2032:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2032:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2033:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2035:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'groupNames' (lines '2.035'-'2.038').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2038:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'groupNames' (lines '2.038'-'2.045').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2038:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2041:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2047:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2062:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2062:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2068:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2068:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2068:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2071:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2078:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2091:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2091:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2097:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2097:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2098:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2098:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2098:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '2.100'-'2.103').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2103:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '2.103'-'2.111').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2105:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2125:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2138:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2138:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2139:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2139:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2143:	Local variable 'oldState' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2174:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2174:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2175:	Local variable 'triggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2196:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2196:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2197:	Local variable 'jobNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2200:	Local variable 'triggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2217:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2217:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2217:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2218:	Parameter 'currentState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2218:	Parameter 'jobGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2222:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2222:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2223:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2223:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2224:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2228:	Local variable 'lst' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2231:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2232:	Local variable 'rec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2236:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2236:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2251:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2279:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2297:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2297:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2303:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2316:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2316:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2317:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2317:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2321:	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2328:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'blocked' (lines '2.328'-'2.330').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2328:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'blocked' (lines '2.328'-'2.357').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2329:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2330:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'blocked' (lines '2.330'-'2.357').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2333:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newState' (lines '2.333'-'2.357').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2333:	Local variable 'newState' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2336:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'misfired' (lines '2.336'-'2.339').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2345:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2348:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2359:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2378:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2378:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2379:	Local variable 'triggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2387:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2406:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2406:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2407:	Local variable 'jobNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2410:	Local variable 'triggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2432:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2432:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2446:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2446:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2447:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2451:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2455:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2458:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2459:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2468:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2472:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2472:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2486:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2486:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2490:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2497:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2515:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2515:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2521:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2534:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2534:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2535:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2539:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2541:	Local variable 'trigNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2541:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2545:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2551:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2587:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2589:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2605:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2605:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2611:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2613:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2625:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2625:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2628:	Local variable 'names' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2631:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2635:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2636:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2646:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2648:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2664:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2664:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2670:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2673:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2684:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2684:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2687:	Local variable 'names' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2690:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2701:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2701:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2703:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2703:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2719:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2722:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2722:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2731:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2731:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2740:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2740:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2740:	Parameter 'noLaterThan' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2740:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2744:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2744:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextTrigger' (lines '2.744'-'2.767').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2744:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextTrigger' (lines '2.744'-'2.793').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2746:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2746:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2749:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2749:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2749:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2750:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2752:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2754:	Local variable 'triggerKey' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2756:	Local variable 'rowsUpdated' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2757:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2759:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2759:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2768:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2768:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2775:	Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2784:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2785:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2788:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2790:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2807:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2807:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2813:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2813:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2814:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2814:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2817:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2820:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2827:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2844:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2844:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2859:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2859:	The method 'triggerFired' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2859:	The method 'triggerFired' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2859:	The method 'triggerFired' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2859:	The method triggerFired() has an NPath complexity of 432
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2859:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2860:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2860:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2862:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2862:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'job' (lines '2.862'-'2.943').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2863:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2863:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cal' (lines '2.863'-'2.943').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2867:	Local variable 'state' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2867:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2869:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2870:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2874:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2880:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2883:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2884:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2887:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2894:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2898:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2899:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2903:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2906:	Local variable 'prevFireTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2914:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2918:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2918:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2919:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2920:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2920:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2921:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2922:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2922:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2923:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2927:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2938:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2938:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2940:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2945:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2949:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2960:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2960:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2966:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2966:	The method 'triggeredJobComplete' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2966:	The method 'triggeredJobComplete' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2966:	The method 'triggeredJobComplete' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2966:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2967:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2967:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2967:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2968:	Parameter 'triggerInstCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2974:	Local variable 'stat' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2974:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2976:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2984:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2988:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2989:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2993:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:2998:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3000:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3007:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3011:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3018:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3019:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3035:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3052:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3055:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctor' (lines '3.055'-'3.060').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3055:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctor' (lines '3.055'-'3.067').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3056:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctorParams' (lines '3.056'-'3.061').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3056:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctorParams' (lines '3.056'-'3.068').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3058:	Local variable 'ctorParamTypes' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3063:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3065:	Local variable 'ctorParamTypes' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3071:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3073:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3074:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3076:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3077:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3079:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3080:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3082:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3083:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3085:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3086:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3093:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3097:	Parameter 'lockHandler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3097:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3105:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transOwner' (lines '3.106'-'3.123').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3106:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transOwner' (lines '3.106'-'3.147').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3107:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3107:	Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '3.109'-'3.125').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3114:	Local variable 'misfireCount' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3114:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transOwner' (lines '3.123'-'3.147').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3136:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sigChangeForTxCompletion
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3149:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3149:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3149:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like candidateNewNextFireTime
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3150:	Parameter 'candidateNewNextFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3150:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3151:	Local variable 'sigTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3153:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3155:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3160:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3161:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3161:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3166:	Avoid excessively long variable names like candidateNewNextFireTime
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3166:	Parameter 'candidateNewNextFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3166:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3174:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3174:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3174:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3176:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3176:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3176:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3178:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transOwner' (lines '3.179'-'3.206').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3179:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transOwner' (lines '3.179'-'3.232').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transStateOwner' (lines '3.180'-'3.197').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3180:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transStateOwner' (lines '3.180'-'3.232').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3181:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'recovered' (lines '3.181'-'3.209').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3181:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'recovered' (lines '3.181'-'3.232').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3183:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3183:	Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3189:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'failedRecords' (lines '3.189'-'3.191').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3190:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3195:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3195:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3197:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transStateOwner' (lines '3.197'-'3.232').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3200:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3201:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3203:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3206:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transOwner' (lines '3.206'-'3.232').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3209:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'recovered' (lines '3.209'-'3.232').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3238:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3241:	Local variable 'failedInstances' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3242:	Avoid excessively long variable names like foundThisScheduler
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3242:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundThisScheduler' (lines '3.242'-'3.252').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3243:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'timeNow' (lines '3.243'-'3.285').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3243:	Local variable 'timeNow' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3245:	Local variable 'states' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3247:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3248:	Local variable 'rec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundThisScheduler' (lines '3.252'-'3.252').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3271:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3271:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3271:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3271:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3272:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3280:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3292:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3295:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3296:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStateRecords
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3296:	Parameter 'schedulerStateRecords' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3298:	Local variable 'orphanedInstances' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3300:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allFiredTriggerInstanceNames
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3300:	Local variable 'allFiredTriggerInstanceNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3301:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3302:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStateIter
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3302:	Local variable 'schedulerStateIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3304:	Local variable 'rec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3309:	Local variable 'orphanIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3309:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3312:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3312:	Local variable 'orphanedInstance' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3325:	Parameter 'rec' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3325:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3328:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3332:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3332:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3335:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3335:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'failedInstances' (lines '3.335'-'3.353').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3335:	Local variable 'failedInstances' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3347:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3355:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3355:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3355:	Parameter 'failedInstances' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3355:	The method 'clusterRecover' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3355:	The method 'clusterRecover' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3355:	The method 'clusterRecover' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3355:	The method clusterRecover() has an NPath complexity of 253
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3355:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3358:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3360:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'recoverIds' (lines '3.360'-'3.517').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3366:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3368:	Local variable 'rec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3371:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3376:	Local variable 'firedTriggerRecs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3376:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3378:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3380:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'acquiredCount' (lines '3.380'-'3.416').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3381:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'recoveredCount' (lines '3.381'-'3.442').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3382:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'otherCount' (lines '3.382'-'3.449').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3382:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'otherCount' (lines '3.382'-'3.452').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3384:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3384:	Local variable 'triggerKeys' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3386:	Local variable 'ftItr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3386:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3388:	Local variable 'ftRec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3391:	Local variable 'tKey' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3391:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3392:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jKey' (lines '3.392'-'3.517').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3392:	Local variable 'jKey' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3400:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3401:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3403:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3403:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3404:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3406:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3407:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3414:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3414:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3416:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'acquiredCount' (lines '3.416'-'3.416').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3421:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3421:	Local variable 'rcvryTrig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3425:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3427:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3428:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3430:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3432:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3433:	Avoid variables with short names like jd
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3433:	Local variable 'jd' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3434:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3434:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3444:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3456:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3457:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3459:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3460:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3462:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3464:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3465:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3470:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3471:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3475:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'completeCount' (lines '3.475'-'3.488').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3476:	Local variable 'triggerKeyIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3477:	Local variable 'triggerKey' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3479:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3479:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3479:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3479:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3481:	Local variable 'firedTriggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3483:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3484:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3484:	Local variable 'schedulingContext' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3487:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3487:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3488:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'completeCount' (lines '3.488'-'3.488').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3507:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3507:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3507:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3508:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3509:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3512:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3519:	Parameter 'val' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3519:	Parameter 'warning' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3519:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3521:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3523:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3527:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3543:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3546:	Local variable 'connProxy' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3548:	Local variable 'invocationHandler' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3551:	Local variable 'connHandler' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3554:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3555:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3566:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3576:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3581:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3582:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3583:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3590:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3601:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3606:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3619:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3632:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3642:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3652:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3655:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3667:	Parameter 'txCallback' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3671:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3690:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3690:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3697:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3710:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3728:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3728:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3744:	Parameter 'lockName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3745:	Parameter 'txCallback' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3746:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transOwner' (lines '3.746'-'3.756').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3746:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transOwner' (lines '3.746'-'3.786').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3747:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '3.747'-'3.753').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3756:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transOwner' (lines '3.756'-'3.786').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3756:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3763:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3766:	Local variable 'sigTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3775:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3778:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3794:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3794:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3796:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'shutdown'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3796:	Field shutdown has the same name as a method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3796:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3796:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3798:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'numFails'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3798:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3798:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3800:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3806:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3811:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3817:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '3.817'-'3.820').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3823:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3824:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3826:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3828:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3835:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3839:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'timeToSleep' (lines '3.839'-'3.841').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3840:	Local variable 'transpiredTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3840:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3843:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'timeToSleep' (lines '3.843'-'3.847').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3852:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3852:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3870:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3870:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3872:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'shutdown'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3872:	Field shutdown has the same name as a method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3872:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3872:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3874:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'numFails'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3874:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3874:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3877:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3882:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3887:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3894:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3896:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3898:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3899:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3901:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3903:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3910:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3914:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sTime' (lines '3.914'-'3.914').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3914:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sTime' (lines '3.914'-'3.941').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3914:	Local variable 'sTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3916:	Avoid excessively long variable names like recoverMisfiredJobsResult
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3916:	Local variable 'recoverMisfiredJobsResult' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3918:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3919:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3923:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'timeToSleep' (lines '3.923'-'3.925').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3924:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3927:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'timeToSleep' (lines '3.927'-'3.931').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3937:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreSupport.java:3937:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreTX.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreTX.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreTX.java:43:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreTX.java:53:	Parameter 'loadHelper' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreTX.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreTX.java:54:	Parameter 'signaler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreTX.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreTX.java:72:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreTX.java:88:	Parameter 'lockName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/JobStoreTX.java:89:	Parameter 'txCallback' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/LockException.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/LockException.java:22:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/LockException.java:42:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/LockException.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/LockException.java:46:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/LockException.java:46:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/LockException.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:36:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:46:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:46:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:46:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:50:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:50:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:50:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:50:	Parameter 'useProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:58:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:75:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:75:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:77:	Local variable 'binaryInput' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:80:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '83'-'87').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like in
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:85:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:95:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:95:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:95:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:95:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:98:	Local variable 'binaryInput' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:99:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/MSSQLDelegate.java:99:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'binaryInput'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/NoSuchDelegateException.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/NoSuchDelegateException.java:39:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/NoSuchDelegateException.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:45:	The class 'PointbaseDelegate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:49:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:59:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:59:	Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:59:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:63:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:73:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:73:	Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:73:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:74:	Parameter 'useProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:82:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:95:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:95:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:98:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:99:	Local variable 'len' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:100:	Local variable 'bais' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:102:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '102'-'107').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertResult' (lines '104'-'118').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:124:	Local variable 'jobListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:133:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:146:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:146:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:149:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:150:	Local variable 'len' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:151:	Local variable 'bais' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:153:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:153:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '153'-'158').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertResult' (lines '155'-'169').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:177:	Local variable 'jobListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:186:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:186:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:186:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:186:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:187:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:189:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:190:	Local variable 'len' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:191:	Local variable 'bais' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:193:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '193'-'198').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:195:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertResult' (lines '195'-'232').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prevFireTime' (lines '207'-'209').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:213:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:215:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:222:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'endTime' (lines '222'-'224').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:238:	Local variable 'trigListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:247:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:247:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:247:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:247:	The method 'updateTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:247:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:248:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:250:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:251:	Local variable 'len' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:252:	Local variable 'bais' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:254:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:254:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '254'-'260').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:256:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertResult' (lines '256'-'302').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:266:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextFireTime' (lines '266'-'268').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:271:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prevFireTime' (lines '271'-'273').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:277:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:280:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:289:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'endTime' (lines '289'-'291').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:291:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:310:	Local variable 'trigListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:319:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:330:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:330:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:333:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:334:	Local variable 'len' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:335:	Local variable 'bais' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:336:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:336:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '336'-'339').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:344:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:358:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:373:	Parameter 'calendarName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:373:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:374:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:377:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:378:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:378:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:379:	Local variable 'bais' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:381:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:381:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '381'-'384').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:385:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:386:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:394:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:409:	Parameter 'calendarName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:409:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:410:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:412:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:413:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:414:	Local variable 'bais' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:416:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:416:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '416'-'419').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:433:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:450:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:450:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:450:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:453:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '453'-'462').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:455:	Local variable 'binaryData' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:457:	Local variable 'binaryInput' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:459:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:460:	Avoid variables with short names like in
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:460:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:462:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:464:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:471:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:488:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:488:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:488:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:492:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:494:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:496:	Local variable 'binaryInput' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:497:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PointbaseDelegate.java:497:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'binaryInput'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:37:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:47:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:47:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:47:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:51:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:63:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:63:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:63:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:64:	Parameter 'useProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:72:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:89:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:89:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:89:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'binaryInput' (lines '91'-'97').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:91:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'binaryInput' (lines '91'-'109').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:92:	Local variable 'bytes' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '94'-'101').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:99:	Avoid variables with short names like in
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:99:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:111:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:111:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:111:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:111:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:114:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:114:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'binaryInput' (lines '114'-'119').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:114:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'binaryInput' (lines '114'-'123').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:115:	Local variable 'bytes' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:117:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/PostgreSQLDelegate.java:120:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SchedulerStateRecord.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SchedulerStateRecord.java:27:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SchedulerStateRecord.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SchedulerStateRecord.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerInstanceId
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SchedulerStateRecord.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SchedulerStateRecord.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SchedulerStateRecord.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SchedulerStateRecord.java:71:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SchedulerStateRecord.java:71:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SchedulerStateRecord.java:77:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SchedulerStateRecord.java:77:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SchedulerStateRecord.java:83:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Semaphore.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Semaphore.java:38:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:33:	Class contains more than one logger.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:33:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:43:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:45:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:45:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:47:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:57:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:61:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:76:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'lockName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:76:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:76:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:80:	Local variable 'log' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:84:	The String literal "Lock '" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 84
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:88:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:118:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:128:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'lockName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:128:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:128:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:146:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:154:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'lockName'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:154:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:154:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/SimpleSemaphore.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:20:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:31:	An Interface should be used only to model a behaviour; consider converting this to a class.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABLE_PREFIX_SUBST
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_TRIGGER_STATES_FROM_OTHER_STATES
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:45:	The String literal "UPDATE " appears 20 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 45
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:48:	The String literal " SET " appears 20 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 48
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:50:	The String literal " = ?" appears 75 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 50
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:51:	The String literal " WHERE " appears 65 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 51
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:53:	The String literal " = ? OR " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 53
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_TRIGGER_STATE_FROM_OTHER_STATES_BEFORE_TIME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_MISFIRED_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:67:	The String literal "SELECT * FROM " appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 67
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:69:	The String literal " < ? " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 69
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:70:	The String literal " ASC" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 70
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:70:	The String literal "ORDER BY " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 70
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_TRIGGERS_IN_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:72:	The String literal "SELECT " appears 25 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 72
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:73:	The String literal " FROM " appears 39 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 73
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_MISFIRED_TRIGGERS_IN_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:77:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:80:	The String literal " = ? " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 80
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUNT_MISFIRED_TRIGGERS_IN_STATES
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:83:	The String literal "SELECT COUNT(" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 83
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:83:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:84:	The String literal ") FROM " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 84
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_MISFIRED_TRIGGERS_IN_STATES
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:89:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_MISFIRED_TRIGGERS_IN_GROUP_IN_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:105:	The String literal " = ? AND " appears 47 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 105
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_VOLATILE_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:109:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_FIRED_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:114:	The String literal "DELETE FROM " appears 16 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 114
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:114:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:117:	The String literal "INSERT INTO " appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 117
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:117:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:124:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:126:	The String literal " = ?, " appears 33 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 126
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_TRIGGERS_FOR_JOB
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:132:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_TRIGGERS_FOR_CALENDAR
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:137:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_STATEFUL_JOBS_OF_TRIGGER_GROUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:142:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:144:	The String literal ", J." appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 144
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:156:	The String literal " = J." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 156
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_JOB_LISTENERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:165:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:169:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_JOB_STATEFUL
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:173:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_JOB_EXISTENCE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:178:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:182:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:186:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSERT_JOB_LISTENER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:186:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:191:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_JOB_LISTENERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:191:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:196:	The String literal "SELECT *" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 196
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:196:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:200:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:203:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_JOBS_IN_GROUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:207:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:211:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_VOLATILE_JOBS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:211:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:215:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:225:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSERT_SIMPLE_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:225:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSERT_CRON_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:231:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSERT_BLOB_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:237:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:242:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_TRIGGER_SKIP_DATA
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:242:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:250:	The String literal " = ? WHERE " appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 250
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:253:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:264:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_SIMPLE_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:264:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:270:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_CRON_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:270:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:275:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_BLOB_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:275:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:280:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_TRIGGER_EXISTENCE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:280:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:285:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_TRIGGER_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:285:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:290:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_TRIGGER_STATE_FROM_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:290:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:295:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_TRIGGER_GROUP_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:295:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:299:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_TRIGGER_GROUP_STATE_FROM_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:299:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:310:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_TRIGGER_STATE_FROM_STATES
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:310:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:316:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_TRIGGER_GROUP_STATE_FROM_STATES
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:316:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:331:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_JOB_TRIGGER_STATES
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:331:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:336:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_JOB_TRIGGER_STATES_FROM_OTHER_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:336:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:347:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_TRIGGER_LISTENERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:347:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:351:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSERT_TRIGGER_LISTENER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:351:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:356:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_TRIGGER_LISTENERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:356:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:361:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_SIMPLE_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:361:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:365:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_CRON_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:365:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:369:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_BLOB_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:369:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:373:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:377:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_NUM_TRIGGERS_FOR_JOB
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:377:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:382:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_JOB_FOR_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:382:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:391:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:395:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_TRIGGER_DATA
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:395:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:400:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_TRIGGER_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:400:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:405:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_TRIGGER_STATUS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:405:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:411:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_SIMPLE_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:411:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:415:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_CRON_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:415:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:419:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_BLOB_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:419:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:423:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_NUM_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:423:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:427:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_NUM_TRIGGERS_IN_GROUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:427:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:431:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_TRIGGER_GROUPS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:431:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:435:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_TRIGGERS_IN_GROUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:435:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:439:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:443:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:447:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_CALENDAR_EXISTENCE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:447:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:451:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:455:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_REFERENCED_CALENDAR
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:455:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:459:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:463:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_NUM_CALENDARS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:463:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:467:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:470:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_NEXT_FIRE_TIME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:470:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:475:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_TRIGGER_FOR_FIRE_TIME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:475:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:480:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_NEXT_TRIGGER_TO_ACQUIRE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:480:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:489:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSERT_FIRED_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:489:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:498:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_INSTANCES_FIRED_TRIGGER_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:498:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:503:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_INSTANCES_FIRED_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:503:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:509:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_INSTANCES_RECOVERABLE_FIRED_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:509:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:515:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_JOB_EXECUTION_COUNT
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:515:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:520:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_FIRED_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:520:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:523:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_FIRED_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:523:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:527:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_FIRED_TRIGGER_GROUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:527:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:531:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_FIRED_TRIGGERS_OF_JOB
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:531:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:535:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_FIRED_TRIGGERS_OF_JOB_GROUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:535:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:541:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_FIRED_TRIGGER
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:541:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:545:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_INSTANCES_FIRED_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:545:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:549:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_VOLATILE_FIRED_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:549:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:553:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_NO_RECOVERY_FIRED_TRIGGERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:553:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:559:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_FIRED_TRIGGER_INSTANCE_NAMES
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:559:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:564:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSERT_SCHEDULER_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:564:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:569:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_SCHEDULER_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:569:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:573:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_SCHEDULER_STATES
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:573:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:576:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_SCHEDULER_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:576:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:580:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_SCHEDULER_STATE
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:580:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:585:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSERT_PAUSED_TRIGGER_GROUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:585:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:589:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_PAUSED_TRIGGER_GROUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:589:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:593:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECT_PAUSED_TRIGGER_GROUPS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:593:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:597:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_PAUSED_TRIGGER_GROUP
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:597:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:601:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DELETE_PAUSED_TRIGGER_GROUPS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCConstants.java:601:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:18:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:18:	Possible God class (WMC=247, ATFD=437, TCC=0.0037735849056603774)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:18:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:58:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:60:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:69:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:69:	The class 'StdJDBCDelegate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 17).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:69:	The class 'StdJDBCDelegate' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 17).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:69:	The class 'StdJDBCDelegate' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 17).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:69:	The type has an NCSS line count of 1529
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:69:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:79:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'logger'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:79:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:79:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:79:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:81:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:81:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:83:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:83:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:85:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:85:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:95:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:105:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:105:	Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:105:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:111:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:121:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:121:	Parameter 'logger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:121:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:122:	Parameter 'useProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:137:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:145:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:160:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:161:	Parameter 'newState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:161:	Parameter 'oldState1' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:161:	Parameter 'oldState2' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:163:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '163'-'166').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:177:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:187:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:187:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:187:	Parameter 'ts' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:189:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:189:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '189'-'193').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '190'-'195').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:197:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:199:	Local variable 'triggerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:200:	Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:201:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:203:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:204:	Local variable 'kArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:213:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:224:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:224:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:226:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:226:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '226'-'230').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:227:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:227:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '227'-'232').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:234:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:236:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:239:	Local variable 'sArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:240:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'sArr'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:247:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:247:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:247:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:248:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:248:	Parameter 'ts' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:249:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:249:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '249'-'253').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:250:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:250:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '250'-'256').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:258:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:260:	Local variable 'triggerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:261:	Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:262:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:264:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:265:	Local variable 'kArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:274:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:289:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:289:	Parameter 'state1' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:289:	Parameter 'state2' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:290:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:290:	Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:290:	Parameter 'resultList' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:290:	Parameter 'ts' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '291'-'295').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:292:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:292:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '292'-'299').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:302:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:302:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:306:	Local variable 'triggerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:307:	Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:308:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:328:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:328:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:328:	Parameter 'state1' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:328:	Parameter 'state2' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:328:	Parameter 'ts' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:329:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '329'-'333').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:330:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:330:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '330'-'337').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:350:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:361:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:362:	Avoid variables with short names like ts
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:362:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:362:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:362:	Parameter 'ts' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:363:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:363:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '363'-'367').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:364:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:364:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '364'-'372').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:370:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:371:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:372:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:374:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:376:	Local variable 'triggerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:376:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:377:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:379:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:380:	Local variable 'kArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:389:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:400:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:410:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:412:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:412:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '412'-'416').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:413:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:413:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '413'-'420').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:418:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:422:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dumId' (lines '422'-'456').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:423:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:425:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:425:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:426:	Local variable 'jobGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:426:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:427:	Local variable 'trigName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:427:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:428:	Local variable 'trigGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:428:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:429:	Local variable 'firedTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:430:	Local variable 'priority' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:430:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:431:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:431:	Local variable 'rcvryTrig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:432:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:440:	Avoid variables with short names like jd
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:440:	Local variable 'jd' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:441:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:442:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:448:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:449:	Local variable 'tArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:458:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:467:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:468:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:468:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '468'-'471').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:473:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:479:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:479:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:479:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:481:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:481:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '481'-'484').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:485:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:487:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:497:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:510:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:510:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:512:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:514:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:514:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '514'-'519').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:516:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertResult' (lines '516'-'530').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:520:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:521:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:522:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:523:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:523:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:523:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:530:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:536:	Local variable 'jobListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:538:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:545:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:558:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:558:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:560:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:562:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:562:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '562'-'567').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:564:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertResult' (lines '564'-'578').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:568:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:569:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:569:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:569:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:575:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:576:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:586:	Local variable 'jobListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:588:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:595:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:609:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:609:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:610:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:611:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:611:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '611'-'615').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:612:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:612:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '612'-'618').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:616:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:617:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:618:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:620:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:621:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:622:	Local variable 'trigName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:622:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:623:	Local variable 'trigGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:623:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:624:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:626:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:627:	Local variable 'kArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:636:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:649:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:649:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:650:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:651:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:651:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '651'-'654').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:655:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:656:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:657:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:663:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:676:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:676:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:676:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:678:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:678:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '678'-'684').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:685:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:686:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:687:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:693:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:706:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:706:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:707:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:708:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:708:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '708'-'712').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:709:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:709:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '709'-'715').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:713:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:714:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:715:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:716:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:716:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:724:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:737:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:737:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:737:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:739:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:739:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '739'-'743').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:740:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:740:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '740'-'746').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:744:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:745:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:746:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:747:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:747:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:748:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:759:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:770:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:770:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:772:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:774:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:774:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '774'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:779:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:780:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:782:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:788:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:801:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:801:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:801:	Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:803:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:803:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '803'-'806').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:807:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:808:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:809:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:811:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:817:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:830:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:830:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:831:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:832:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:832:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '832'-'837').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:833:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:833:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '833'-'840').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:836:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:838:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:839:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:840:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:842:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:843:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:843:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:846:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:846:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:847:	Local variable 'sArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:856:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:874:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:874:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:875:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:875:	Parameter 'loadHelper' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:877:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:877:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '877'-'881').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:878:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:878:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '878'-'884').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:882:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:883:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:884:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:886:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'job' (lines '886'-'889').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:888:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:891:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:891:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:892:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:892:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:893:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:893:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:894:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:894:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:896:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:897:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:898:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:900:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'map' (lines '900'-'902').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:900:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'map' (lines '900'-'904').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:922:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:922:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:924:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:925:	Avoid variables with short names like is
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:925:	Local variable 'is' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:927:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:929:	Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:932:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:934:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:941:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:950:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:951:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:951:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '951'-'956').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:952:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:952:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '952'-'957').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:955:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '955'-'960').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:957:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:959:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:960:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:970:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:979:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:980:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:980:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '980'-'984').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:981:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:981:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '981'-'985').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:985:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:987:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:988:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:989:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:992:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:993:	Local variable 'sArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1002:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1013:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1013:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1015:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1015:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.015'-'1.019').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1016:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1016:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '1.016'-'1.021').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1020:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1021:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1023:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1024:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1025:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1028:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1029:	Local variable 'sArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1042:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1055:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1055:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1055:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1055:	The method 'insertTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1055:	The method insertTrigger() has an NPath complexity of 246
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1056:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1058:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'baos' (lines '1.058'-'1.060').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1059:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1063:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1063:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.063'-'1.068').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1065:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertResult' (lines '1.065'-'1.105').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1069:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1070:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1071:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1072:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1074:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1075:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1076:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1076:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1076:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1079:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1079:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1080:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prevFireTime' (lines '1.080'-'1.082').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1082:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1085:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1086:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1086:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1087:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1088:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1088:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1089:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1091:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1093:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1093:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1095:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'endTime' (lines '1.095'-'1.097').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1097:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1111:	Local variable 'trigListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1120:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1131:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1131:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1133:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.133'-'1.136').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1150:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1161:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1161:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1163:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.163'-'1.166').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1178:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1189:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1189:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1191:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1191:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.191'-'1.204').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1192:	Avoid variables with short names like os
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1192:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'os' (lines '1.192'-'1.196').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1197:	Local variable 'oos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1201:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1202:	Avoid variables with short names like is
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1202:	Local variable 'is' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1215:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1228:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1228:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1228:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1228:	The method 'updateTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1228:	The method 'updateTrigger' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1228:	The method 'updateTrigger' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1228:	The method updateTrigger() has an NPath complexity of 1449
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1229:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1232:	Local variable 'updateJobData' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1233:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'baos' (lines '1.233'-'1.235').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1233:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'baos' (lines '1.233'-'1.310').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1235:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'baos' (lines '1.235'-'1.310').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1238:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.238'-'1.245').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.238'-'1.247').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1240:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertResult' (lines '1.240'-'1.295').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1254:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextFireTime' (lines '1.254'-'1.256').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1259:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prevFireTime' (lines '1.259'-'1.261').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1265:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1268:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1277:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'endTime' (lines '1.277'-'1.279').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1291:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1292:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1303:	Local variable 'trigListeners' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1312:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1323:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1323:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1325:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.325'-'1.328').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1343:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1354:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1354:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1356:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.356'-'1.359').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1360:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1361:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1362:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1364:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1370:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1381:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1381:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1383:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1383:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.383'-'1.396').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1384:	Avoid variables with short names like os
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1384:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'os' (lines '1.384'-'1.388').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1389:	Local variable 'oos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1390:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1391:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1393:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1393:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1394:	Avoid variables with short names like is
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1394:	Local variable 'is' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1399:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1401:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1405:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1410:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1423:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1423:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1424:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1425:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1425:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.425'-'1.429').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1426:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1426:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '1.426'-'1.432').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1430:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1431:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1432:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1434:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1434:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1435:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1445:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1460:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1460:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1461:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1461:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1462:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1462:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.462'-'1.465').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1466:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1467:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1468:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1469:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1475:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1498:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1498:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1499:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1499:	Parameter 'newState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1499:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1500:	Parameter 'oldState1' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1500:	Parameter 'oldState2' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1500:	Parameter 'oldState3' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1502:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1502:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.502'-'1.505').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1506:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1507:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1508:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1509:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1510:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1511:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1513:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1519:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1519:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1520:	Parameter 'newState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1520:	Parameter 'oldState1' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1520:	Parameter 'oldState2' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1520:	Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1522:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1522:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.522'-'1.525').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1527:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1528:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1529:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1530:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1532:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1538:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1559:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1559:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1560:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1560:	Parameter 'newState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1560:	Parameter 'oldState1' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1561:	Parameter 'oldState2' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1561:	Parameter 'oldState3' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1562:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1562:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.562'-'1.565').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1567:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1568:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1569:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1570:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1571:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1579:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1598:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1598:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1599:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1599:	Parameter 'newState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1599:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1600:	Parameter 'oldState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1601:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1601:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.601'-'1.604').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1605:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1606:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1607:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1608:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1610:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1616:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1633:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1634:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1634:	Parameter 'newState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1634:	Parameter 'oldState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1636:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1636:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.636'-'1.639').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1641:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1642:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1643:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1645:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1651:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1666:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1666:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1667:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1667:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1668:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1668:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.668'-'1.671').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1672:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1673:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1674:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1676:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1682:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1682:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1682:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1683:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1683:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1683:	Parameter 'oldState' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1683:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1685:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1685:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.685'-'1.688').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1690:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1691:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1692:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1695:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1701:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1714:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1714:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1715:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1716:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1716:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.716'-'1.719').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1720:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1721:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1722:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1728:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1741:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1741:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1742:	Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1743:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1743:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.743'-'1.746').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1747:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1748:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1749:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1757:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1770:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1770:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1771:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1772:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1772:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.772'-'1.776').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1773:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1773:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '1.773'-'1.779').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1777:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1778:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1779:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1781:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1782:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1783:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1785:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1786:	Local variable 'sArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1795:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1808:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1808:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1809:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1810:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1810:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.810'-'1.813').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1814:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1815:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1817:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1823:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1836:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1836:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1837:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1838:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1838:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.838'-'1.841').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1842:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1843:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1845:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1851:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1864:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1864:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1865:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1866:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1866:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.866'-'1.869').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1870:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1871:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1873:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1879:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1892:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1892:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1893:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1894:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1894:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.894'-'1.897').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1898:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1899:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1901:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1907:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1920:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1920:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1921:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1922:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1922:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.922'-'1.926').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1923:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1923:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '1.923'-'1.929').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1927:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1928:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1929:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1931:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1932:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1932:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1942:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1958:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1958:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1959:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1959:	Parameter 'loadHelper' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1960:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1960:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '1.960'-'1.964').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1961:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1961:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '1.961'-'1.967').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1965:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1966:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1967:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1969:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1970:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1971:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1972:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1974:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1978:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:1992:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2007:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2007:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2008:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2011:	Local variable 'trigList' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2012:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2012:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '2.012'-'2.016').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2013:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2013:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '2.013'-'2.019').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2017:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2018:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2019:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2021:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2022:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2022:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2023:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2024:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2026:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2034:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2037:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2037:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2037:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2040:	Local variable 'trigList' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2041:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2041:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '2.041'-'2.045').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2042:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2042:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '2.042'-'2.047').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2046:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2047:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2049:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2050:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2051:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2051:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2059:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2062:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2062:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2063:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2064:	Local variable 'jobList' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2065:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2065:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '2.065'-'2.069').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2066:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2066:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '2.066'-'2.073').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2071:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2073:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2075:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2076:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2076:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2076:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2087:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2100:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2100:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2100:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2100:	The method 'selectTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2100:	The method 'selectTrigger' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2100:	The method 'selectTrigger' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2100:	The method selectTrigger() has an NPath complexity of 258
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2101:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2103:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2103:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '2.103'-'2.109').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2104:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '2.104'-'2.112').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2115:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2116:	Local variable 'jobGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2117:	Local variable 'volatility' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2118:	Local variable 'description' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2119:	Local variable 'nextFireTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2120:	Local variable 'prevFireTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2121:	Local variable 'triggerType' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2122:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2123:	Local variable 'endTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2124:	Local variable 'calendarName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2125:	Local variable 'misFireInstr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2126:	Local variable 'priority' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2128:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'map' (lines '2.128'-'2.130').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2135:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nft' (lines '2.135'-'2.137').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2144:	Local variable 'startTimeD' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2160:	Local variable 'repeatCount' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2161:	Local variable 'repeatInterval' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2162:	Local variable 'timesTriggered' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2164:	Avoid variables with short names like st
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2164:	Local variable 'st' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2187:	Local variable 'cronExpr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2188:	Local variable 'timeZoneId' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2190:	Avoid variables with short names like ct
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2199:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2199:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2239:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2253:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2253:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2254:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2257:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2258:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2261:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2261:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'trigger'.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2261:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2281:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2293:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2306:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2306:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2307:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2308:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2309:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2320:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2325:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2333:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2346:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2347:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2347:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2348:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2349:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2360:	Local variable 'state' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2361:	Local variable 'nextFireTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2362:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2363:	Local variable 'jobGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2383:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2392:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2393:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2394:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2399:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2401:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2402:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2412:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2421:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2422:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2423:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2427:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2429:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2430:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2431:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2434:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2435:	Local variable 'sArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2444:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2455:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2455:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2457:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2458:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2462:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2463:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2465:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2466:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2467:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2470:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2471:	Local variable 'sArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2480:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2480:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2480:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2482:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2486:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2487:	Local variable 'rows' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2487:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2495:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2495:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2495:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2497:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2501:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2502:	Local variable 'rows' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2502:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2510:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2510:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2512:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2516:	Local variable 'rows' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2516:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2524:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2524:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2524:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2526:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2527:	Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2527:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2531:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2532:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2534:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2541:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2541:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2541:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2543:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2544:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2548:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2549:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2551:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2552:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2555:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2555:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2566:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2581:	Parameter 'calendarName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2581:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2582:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2583:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2585:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2589:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2592:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2598:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2613:	Parameter 'calendarName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2613:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2614:	Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2615:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2617:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2622:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2624:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2630:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2641:	Parameter 'calendarName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2641:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2643:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2644:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2648:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2649:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2651:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2651:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2652:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2662:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2678:	Parameter 'calendarName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2678:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2680:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2681:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2683:	Local variable 'selCal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2685:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2686:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2689:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2693:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2703:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2714:	Parameter 'calendarName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2714:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2716:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2717:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2720:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2721:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2723:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2723:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2724:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2734:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2745:	Parameter 'calendarName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2745:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2747:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2753:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2759:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2768:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2769:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2770:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2776:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2778:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2779:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2789:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2798:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2799:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2800:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2804:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2806:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2807:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2808:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2811:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2812:	Local variable 'sArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2825:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2836:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2837:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2838:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2841:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2842:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2844:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2845:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2845:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2855:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2868:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2868:	Parameter 'fireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2870:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2871:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2874:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2876:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2878:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2879:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2879:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2879:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2890:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2892:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2899:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2901:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2903:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2905:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2905:	Parameter 'noEarlierThan' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2905:	Parameter 'noLaterThan' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2907:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2908:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2909:	Local variable 'nextTriggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2915:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2916:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2918:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2921:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2923:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2923:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2924:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2925:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2926:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2936:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2949:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2949:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2950:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2950:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2951:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2954:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2955:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2956:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2958:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2959:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2959:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2961:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2962:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2963:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2964:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2968:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2969:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2973:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2976:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2990:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2990:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2991:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2992:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2993:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2995:	Local variable 'lst' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2997:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:2999:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3000:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3003:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3005:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3007:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3008:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3008:	Local variable 'rec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3010:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3011:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3012:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3013:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3014:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3016:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3016:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3016:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3018:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3020:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3022:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3022:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3022:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3025:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3043:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3043:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3044:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3045:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3046:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3048:	Local variable 'lst' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3050:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3052:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3053:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3057:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3059:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3061:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3062:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3062:	Local variable 'rec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3064:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3065:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3066:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3067:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3068:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3070:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3070:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3070:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3072:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3074:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3076:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3076:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3076:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3079:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3090:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3090:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3091:	Parameter 'instanceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3092:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3093:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3095:	Local variable 'lst' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3098:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3099:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3102:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3102:	Local variable 'rec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3109:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3115:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3129:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3141:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3143:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3144:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3146:	Local variable 'instanceNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3162:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3173:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3173:	Parameter 'entryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3175:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3186:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3186:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3186:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3187:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3188:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3189:	Always check the return of one of the navigation method (next,previous,first,last) of a ResultSet.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3189:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3198:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3205:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3205:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3206:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3217:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3217:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3217:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3218:	Parameter 'checkInTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3218:	Parameter 'interval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3220:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3233:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3233:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3233:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3235:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3246:	Parameter 'checkInTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3246:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3246:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3246:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3248:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3260:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3260:	Parameter 'instanceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3260:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3262:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3263:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3265:	Local variable 'lst' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3267:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3276:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3276:	Local variable 'rec' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3297:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3307:	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3311:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3323:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3325:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3327:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3334:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3336:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3346:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3349:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3355:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3369:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3370:	Local variable 'entryIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3370:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3371:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3377:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3377:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3380:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3380:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3393:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3395:	Avoid variables with short names like ba
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3395:	Local variable 'ba' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3397:	Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3407:	Parameter 'properties' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3414:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3415:	Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3417:	Local variable 'entryIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3418:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3420:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3421:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3421:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3441:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3458:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3458:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3458:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3462:	Local variable 'blobLocator' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3463:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3464:	Local variable 'binaryInput' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3464:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3468:	Avoid empty if statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3468:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3471:	Avoid variables with short names like in
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3471:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3473:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3475:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3484:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3484:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3485:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3486:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3491:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3493:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3494:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3495:	Local variable 'triggerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3495:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3496:	Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3496:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3497:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3499:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3500:	Local variable 'kArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3509:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3509:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3510:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3511:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3516:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3518:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3519:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3520:	Local variable 'triggerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3520:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3521:	Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3521:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3522:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3524:	Local variable 'oArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3525:	Local variable 'kArr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3534:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3551:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3551:	Parameter 'colName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3551:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3554:	Local variable 'blobLocator' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3555:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3556:	Local variable 'binaryInput' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3556:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3557:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3557:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'binaryInput'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3559:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3567:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3569:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3570:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3571:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3573:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3576:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3579:	Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3579:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3580:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3593:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3593:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3597:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3606:	Parameter 'statement' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3610:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3622:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3622:	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3622:	Parameter 'ps' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3622:	Parameter 'val' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3633:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3633:	Parameter 'columnName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3633:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3644:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3644:	Parameter 'columnIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3644:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3656:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3656:	Parameter 'baos' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3656:	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegate.java:3656:	Parameter 'ps' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:62:	Parameter 'selectWithLockSQL' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:62:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:77:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:77:	Parameter 'expandedSQL' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:77:	Parameter 'lockName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:78:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '78'-'81').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:79:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '79'-'89').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:115:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:115:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:121:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:121:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:127:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:131:	Parameter 'selectWithLockSQL' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdRowLockSemaphore.java:131:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/TablePrefixAware.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/TablePrefixAware.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:23:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:73:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:73:	Parameter 'expandedSQL' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:73:	Parameter 'lockName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:74:	Avoid variables with short names like ps
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ps' (lines '74'-'77').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:86:	Local variable 'numUpdate' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:88:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:113:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:113:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:119:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:123:	Parameter 'updateLockRowSQL' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/UpdateLockRowSemaphore.java:123:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:30:	Avoid short class names like Util
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:46:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:58:	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:58:	Parameter 'tablePrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:62:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:73:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:73:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:73:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:74:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:77:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:88:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:88:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:88:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/Util.java:89:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:34:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:45:	The class 'FileScanJob' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_SCAN_LISTENER_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAST_MODIFIED_TIME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:51:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:53:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:53:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:59:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:59:	The method 'execute' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:59:	The method execute() has an NPath complexity of 256
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:60:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:60:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mergedJobDataMap' (lines '60'-'109').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:60:	Local variable 'mergedJobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:61:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schedCtxt' (lines '61'-'63').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schedCtxt' (lines '63'-'109').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:68:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:69:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:69:	Local variable 'listenerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:80:	Local variable 'listener' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:92:	Local variable 'newDate' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:95:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:99:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:101:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:101:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:111:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:111:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:112:	Local variable 'resource' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:115:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:117:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:119:	Local variable 'jarIndicator' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:125:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:127:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanJob.java:128:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanListener.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/FileScanListener.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:32:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:36:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:37:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:56:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:56:	The class 'NativeJob' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:56:	The class 'NativeJob' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:56:	The class 'NativeJob' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:58:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_WAIT_FOR_PROCESS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROP_CONSUME_STREAMS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:109:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:112:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:114:	Local variable 'command' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wait' (lines '122'-'124').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:126:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'consumeStreams' (lines '126'-'128').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:131:	Local variable 'exitCode' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:136:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:140:	Parameter 'command' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:140:	Parameter 'consumeStreams' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:140:	Parameter 'parameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:140:	Parameter 'wait' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:140:	The method 'runNativeCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:140:	The method 'runNativeCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:140:	The method 'runNativeCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:142:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmd' (lines '142'-'155').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:142:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmd' (lines '142'-'173').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:143:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'args' (lines '143'-'145').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:144:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '144'-'191').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:144:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '144'-'200').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:145:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'args' (lines '145'-'146').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:151:	Local variable 'osName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmd' (lines '155'-'157').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmd' (lines '155'-'159').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:156:	Position literals first in String comparisons
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:157:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmd' (lines '157'-'161').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmd' (lines '159'-'161').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmd' (lines '161'-'163').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:162:	System.arraycopy is more efficient
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmd' (lines '163'-'163').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:165:	Position literals first in String comparisons
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmd' (lines '167'-'169').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:169:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmd' (lines '169'-'170').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:170:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmd' (lines '170'-'171').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:176:	Avoid variables with short names like rt
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:176:	Local variable 'rt' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:179:	Local variable 'proc' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:181:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stdoutConsumer' (lines '181'-'200').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:181:	Local variable 'stdoutConsumer' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:185:	Local variable 'stderrConsumer' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:191:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:191:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '191'-'200').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:195:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:203:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:208:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:209:	Avoid variables with short names like is
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:209:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:209:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:209:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:210:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:210:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:210:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:215:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:215:	Parameter 'inputStream' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:215:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:225:	Avoid variables with short names like br
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:225:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'br' (lines '225'-'227').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:228:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '228'-'230').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:230:	Avoid assignments in operands
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:230:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '230'-'244').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:231:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:241:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:241:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NativeJob.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NoOpJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NoOpJob.java:24:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NoOpJob.java:45:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NoOpJob.java:45:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NoOpJob.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NoOpJob.java:61:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/NoOpJob.java:62:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:35:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.quartz.JobDetail'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:39:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:80:	The class 'EJBInvokerJob' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 16).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:80:	The class 'EJBInvokerJob' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 16).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:80:	The class 'EJBInvokerJob' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 16).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:90:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:92:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:94:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INITIAL_CONTEXT_FACTORY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:98:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:100:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:102:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:104:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:115:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:115:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:127:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:127:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:127:	The method 'execute' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:127:	The method 'execute' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:127:	The method 'execute' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:127:	The method execute() has an NPath complexity of 2328
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:127:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:129:	Local variable 'dataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:131:	Local variable 'ejb' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:132:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:132:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'method' (lines '132'-'249').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:132:	Local variable 'method' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:135:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'arguments' (lines '135'-'249').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:143:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jndiContext' (lines '143'-'147').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:147:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jndiContext' (lines '147'-'249').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:176:	Local variable 'homeClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:179:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:179:	Local variable 'remoteClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:227:	Local variable 'returnObj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:244:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:251:	Parameter 'jobDataMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:253:	Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:253:	Local variable 'params' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:255:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initialContextFactory
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:255:	Local variable 'initialContextFactory' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:261:	Local variable 'providerUrl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:266:	Local variable 'principal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:271:	Local variable 'credentials' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/ejb/EJBInvokerJob.java:276:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:35:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INITIAL_CONTEXT_FACTORY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JMS_CONNECTION_FACTORY_JNDI
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JMS_DESTINATION_JNDI
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JMS_MSG_FACTORY_CLASS_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:65:	Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:65:	Local variable 'params' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initialContextFactory
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:67:	Local variable 'initialContextFactory' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:74:	Local variable 'providerUrl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:79:	Local variable 'principal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:84:	Local variable 'credentials' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:89:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:90:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:97:	Parameter 'jobDataMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:97:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:98:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:99:	Avoid variables with short names like pw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:99:	Local variable 'pw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:101:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:110:	Parameter 'resource' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:118:	Avoid variables with short names like m
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:121:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:122:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:123:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:124:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:125:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:130:	Parameter 'jobDataMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:130:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:140:	Parameter 'factoryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:145:	Local variable 'clazz' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:146:	Local variable 'messageFactory' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsHelper.java:147:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'messageFactory'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsJobException.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsJobException.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsJobException.java:34:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsJobException.java:34:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsJobException.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsJobException.java:37:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsJobException.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsJobException.java:41:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsJobException.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsJobException.java:45:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsJobException.java:45:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsJobException.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsMessageFactory.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsMessageFactory.java:25:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/JmsMessageFactory.java:26:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:34:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:80:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '84'-'102').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '84'-'109').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sess' (lines '86'-'116').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'producer' (lines '88'-'121').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:101:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like msgFactoryClassName
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendDestinationMessageJob.java:132:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:36:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:42:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:45:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:46:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:47:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:48:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:49:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:63:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:74:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:76:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:80:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'qcf' (lines '80'-'93').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '81'-'100').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '81'-'102').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '82'-'107').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queue' (lines '83'-'109').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sender' (lines '84'-'110').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '85'-'91').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:98:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:99:	Avoid variables with short names like pw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:99:	Local variable 'pw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:105:	Local variable 'useTransactions' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:106:	Local variable 'ackMode' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:108:	Local variable 'queueName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:111:	Local variable 'factoryClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:112:	Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:113:	Avoid variables with short names like m
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:113:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:116:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:118:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:120:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendQueueMessageJob.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:34:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:78:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '82'-'100').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '82'-'107').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sess' (lines '84'-'114').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'publisher' (lines '86'-'119').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:99:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like msgFactoryClassName
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jms/SendTopicMessageJob.java:130:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:36:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:44:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:50:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:51:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:59:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:67:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:67:	The class 'JMXInvokerJob' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 21).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:67:	The class 'JMXInvokerJob' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:67:	The class 'JMXInvokerJob' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 20).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:69:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:71:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:71:	The method 'execute' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:71:	The method 'execute' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:71:	The method 'execute' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '73'-'89').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:73:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '73'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '74'-'90').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '74'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objName' (lines '75'-'84').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:75:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'objName' (lines '75'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objMethod' (lines '76'-'86').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:76:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'objMethod' (lines '76'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:78:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:80:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '82'-'82').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:82:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '82'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:82:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objName' (lines '84'-'84').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:84:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'objName' (lines '84'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objMethod' (lines '86'-'86').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'objMethod' (lines '86'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:88:	Local variable 'paramdefs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'102').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'106').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'110').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'114').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'118').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'122').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'126').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'130').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'134').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'138').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'89').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'98').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '89'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'103').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'107').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'111').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'115').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'119').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'123').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'127').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'131').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'135').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'139').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'90').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'99').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:90:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '90'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:92:	Local variable 'parts' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:93:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:96:	Switch statements should have a default label
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:98:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:98:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '98'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '99'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:102:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:102:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:102:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '102'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:103:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '103'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:106:	Avoid instantiating Long objects.Call Long.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:106:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:106:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '106'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:107:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '107'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:110:	Avoid instantiating Long objects.Call Long.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:110:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:110:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '110'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '111'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:114:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:114:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '114'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:115:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '115'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:118:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '118'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:119:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '119'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:122:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:122:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '122'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '123'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:126:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:126:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '126'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:127:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '127'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:130:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '130'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:131:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '131'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:134:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:134:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:134:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '134'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:135:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '135'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:138:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:138:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:138:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '138'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:139:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'types' (lines '139'-'156').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:151:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:152:	Avoid variables with short names like m
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:152:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:158:	Parameter 'splitStr' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:158:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:160:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:160:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:162:	Local variable 'strTok' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:164:	Local variable 'tok' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:171:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:171:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:171:	Parameter 'method' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:171:	Parameter 'objectName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:171:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:171:	Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:172:	Local variable 'server' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:173:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:173:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mbean' (lines '173'-'181').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:173:	Local variable 'mbean' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/jmx/JMXInvokerJob.java:183:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:46:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:48:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:109:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:112:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:114:	Local variable 'mailInfo' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:119:	Local variable 'mimeMessage' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:129:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:133:	Parameter 'mailInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:133:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:135:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:137:	Local variable 'mimeMessage' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:139:	Local variable 'toAddresses' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:143:	Local variable 'ccAddresses' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:162:	Parameter 'mailInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:162:	Parameter 'mimeMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:162:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:171:	Parameter 'mailInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:171:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:172:	Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:178:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:182:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:182:	Parameter 'mailInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:182:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:199:	Parameter 'constantName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:199:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:199:	Parameter 'property' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:199:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:200:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:209:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:209:	Parameter 'property' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:209:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:210:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:212:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:212:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:212:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:213:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:219:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:220:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:221:	Avoid variables with short names like to
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:221:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:222:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:223:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:224:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:225:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:226:	Avoid variables with short names like cc
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:226:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:227:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:229:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:233:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:237:	Avoid variables with short names like cc
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:237:	Parameter 'cc' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:237:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:241:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:245:	Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:245:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:249:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:253:	Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:253:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:257:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:261:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:261:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:265:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:269:	Parameter 'replyTo' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:269:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:273:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:277:	Parameter 'smtpHost' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:277:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:281:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:285:	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:285:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:289:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:293:	Avoid variables with short names like to
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:293:	Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/jobs/ee/mail/SendMailJob.java:293:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:12:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:25:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:38:	Parameter 'listeners' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:44:	Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:48:	Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:56:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:57:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:59:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:59:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:64:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:64:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:65:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:67:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:72:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:73:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:75:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:80:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:80:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:81:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:83:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:83:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:88:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:89:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:91:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:91:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:96:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:96:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:97:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:99:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:99:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:104:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:104:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:105:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:107:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:107:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:112:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:112:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:113:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:115:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:115:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:120:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:120:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:121:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:123:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:123:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:128:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:128:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:129:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:131:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:131:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:137:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:139:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:139:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:144:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:145:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:147:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:147:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:152:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:153:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:155:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:155:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:160:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:161:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:163:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:163:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/BroadcastSchedulerListener.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:54:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:54:	Private field 'namePatterns' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:55:	Private field 'groupPatterns' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:64:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:78:	Parameter 'listeners' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:78:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:87:	Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:91:	Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:95:	Parameter 'listenerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:96:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:98:	Avoid variables with short names like jl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:98:	Local variable 'jl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:101:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:118:	Parameter 'regularExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:137:	Parameter 'regularExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:145:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:149:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:149:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:150:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:150:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'job' (lines '150'-'173').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:150:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:152:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:152:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:153:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:158:	Local variable 'pat' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:160:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:166:	Local variable 'pat' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:168:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:175:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:175:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:181:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like jl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:183:	Local variable 'jl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:188:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:188:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:194:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:196:	Avoid variables with short names like jl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:196:	Local variable 'jl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:201:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:201:	Parameter 'jobException' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:201:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:207:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:209:	Avoid variables with short names like jl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:209:	Local variable 'jl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastJobListener.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:53:	Private field 'namePatterns' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:54:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:54:	Private field 'groupPatterns' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:63:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:77:	Parameter 'listeners' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:77:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:86:	Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:90:	Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:94:	Parameter 'listenerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:95:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:97:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:97:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:100:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:117:	Parameter 'regularExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:136:	Parameter 'regularExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:144:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:148:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:148:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:150:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:150:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:151:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:156:	Local variable 'pat' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:158:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:164:	Local variable 'pat' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:166:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:173:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:173:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:173:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:179:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:181:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:181:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:186:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:186:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:186:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:189:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:192:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:194:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:194:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:196:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:202:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:202:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:208:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:210:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:210:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:215:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerInstructionCode
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:215:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:215:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:215:	Parameter 'triggerInstructionCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:215:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:221:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:223:	Avoid variables with short names like l
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:223:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/FilterAndBroadcastTriggerListener.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:46:	Private field 'name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:47:	Private field 'chainLinks' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:55:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:55:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:74:	Parameter 'firstJob' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:74:	Parameter 'secondJob' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:87:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:87:	Parameter 'jobException' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:89:	Avoid variables with short names like sj
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:89:	Local variable 'sj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobChainingJobListener.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:24:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:41:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:41:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:42:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:52:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:52:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:52:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:55:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:55:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:55:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:58:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:58:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:58:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:58:	Parameter 'jobException' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/JobListenerSupport.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:25:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:37:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:37:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:37:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:38:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:48:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:48:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:48:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:51:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:51:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:51:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:51:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:54:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:54:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:54:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:57:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:57:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:57:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:57:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:60:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:60:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:60:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:63:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:63:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:63:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:63:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:66:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:66:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:66:	Parameter 'triggerGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:66:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:69:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:69:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:69:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:69:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:72:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:72:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:72:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:72:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:75:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:75:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:75:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:75:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:78:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:78:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:81:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:81:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:84:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:84:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:87:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:87:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/SchedulerListenerSupport.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:24:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:41:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:41:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:42:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:52:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:52:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:52:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:52:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:55:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:55:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:59:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:59:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:59:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:62:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:63:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:64:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerInstructionCode
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:65:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/listeners/TriggerListenerSupport.java:65:	Parameter 'triggerInstructionCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:28:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:44:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:44:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:49:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like wrapInUserTransaction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:53:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'wrapInUserTransaction'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:55:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:72:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:72:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:72:	Parameter 'userTransaction' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:75:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:92:	An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:92:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:92:	Parameter 'userTransaction' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:116:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:116:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:116:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:122:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:125:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:130:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like wrapInUserTransaction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:133:	Parameter 'wrapInUserTransaction' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:142:	Local variable 'userTransaction' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:155:	Local variable 'userTransaction' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:169:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:170:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:173:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userTransaction' (lines '173'-'175').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:177:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:179:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:190:	Parameter 'userTransaction' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:198:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/SchedulerPluginWithUserTransactionSupport.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:32:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:38:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:282:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:282:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:284:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobToBeFiredMessage
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:284:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:286:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:288:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:290:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobWasVetoedMessage
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:290:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:292:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:292:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:302:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:302:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:302:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:313:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:347:	Parameter 'jobSuccessMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:358:	Parameter 'jobFailedMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:368:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobToBeFiredMessage
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:368:	Parameter 'jobToBeFiredMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:387:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobWasVetoedMessage
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:387:	Parameter 'jobWasVetoedMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:399:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:408:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:408:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:414:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:445:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:452:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:457:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:459:	Local variable 'args' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:460:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:461:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:462:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:462:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:463:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:463:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:464:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:467:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:471:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:473:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:474:	Parameter 'jobException' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:476:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trigger' (lines '476'-'513').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:476:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:478:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'args' (lines '478'-'486').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:478:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'args' (lines '478'-'502').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:478:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'args' (lines '478'-'513').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:480:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:482:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:485:	Local variable 'errMsg' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:488:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:489:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:492:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:495:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:497:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:501:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:504:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:505:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:508:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:511:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:518:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:520:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:524:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:526:	Local variable 'args' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:527:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:528:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:529:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:529:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:530:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:530:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:531:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingJobHistoryPlugin.java:534:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:31:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:37:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:220:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:220:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:222:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerFiredMessage
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:222:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:224:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerMisfiredMessage
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:224:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:226:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerCompleteMessage
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:226:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:228:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:228:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:238:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:238:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:238:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:249:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:288:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerCompleteMessage
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:288:	Parameter 'triggerCompleteMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:298:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerFiredMessage
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:298:	Parameter 'triggerFiredMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:308:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerMisfiredMessage
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:308:	Parameter 'triggerMisfiredMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:320:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:329:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:329:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:336:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:367:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:371:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:371:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:371:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:372:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:376:	Local variable 'args' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:380:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:381:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:387:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:387:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:392:	Local variable 'args' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:399:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:402:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:402:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:402:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:403:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerInstructionCode
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:403:	Parameter 'triggerInstructionCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:404:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:408:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'instrCode' (lines '408'-'410').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:408:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'instrCode' (lines '408'-'412').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:408:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'instrCode' (lines '408'-'414').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:408:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'instrCode' (lines '408'-'416').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:408:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'instrCode' (lines '408'-'418').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:421:	Local variable 'args' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:425:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:426:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:427:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:430:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:433:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:433:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/history/LoggingTriggerHistoryPlugin.java:433:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:44:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'name'.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:44:	Perhaps 'name' could be replaced by a local variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:46:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'scheduler'.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:46:	Perhaps 'scheduler' could be replaced by a local variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:50:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:60:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:60:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:71:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:85:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:95:	Avoid variables with short names like b
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:95:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:99:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:111:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:120:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:127:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:127:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:127:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:127:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/management/ShutdownHookPlugin.java:143:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:48:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_JOB_TRIGGER_NAME_LEN
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:85:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JOB_INITIALIZATION_PLUGIN_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:86:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_NAME_DELIMITERS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:87:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like failOnFileNotFound
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:89:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:91:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:94:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:94:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:94:	Private field 'jobFiles' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:94:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:96:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'scanInterval'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:98:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'started'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:98:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:98:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:98:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:100:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'classLoadHelper'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:100:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:100:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:102:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:102:	Private field 'jobTriggerNameSet' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:102:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:112:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:112:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:112:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:124:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:133:	Parameter 'fileNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:155:	Parameter 'scanInterval' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like failOnFileNotFound
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:171:	Parameter 'failOnFileNotFound' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:183:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:192:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:202:	Local variable 'stok' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:205:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:211:	Parameter 'userTransaction' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:211:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:213:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:219:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:221:	Local variable 'jobFile' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:224:	Local variable 'jobTriggerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:226:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:226:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:233:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:233:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:261:	Parameter 'fileBasename' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:262:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:272:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:275:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentIndex' (lines '275'-'293').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:276:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:278:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:282:	Local variable 'numericSuffix' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:286:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:289:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:304:	Parameter 'jobFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:311:	Local variable 'processor' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:321:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:326:	Parameter 'filePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:326:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:333:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:339:	The class 'JobFile' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:339:	The class 'JobFile' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:339:	The class 'JobFile' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:339:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:340:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:340:	Private field 'fileName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:340:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:343:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:343:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:344:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:344:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:345:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:345:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:347:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:347:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:349:	Overridable method 'getFileName' called during object construction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:352:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:356:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:356:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:360:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:364:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:368:	The method 'initialize' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:368:	The method 'initialize' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:368:	The method 'initialize' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:369:	Avoid variables with short names like f
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:369:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'f' (lines '369'-'384').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:369:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'f' (lines '369'-'391').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:371:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'furl' (lines '371'-'378').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:371:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'furl' (lines '371'-'418').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:374:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:375:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:378:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'furl' (lines '378'-'380').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:378:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:380:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:382:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'file' (lines '382'-'418').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:385:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:392:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:402:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:406:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:406:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:407:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/plugins/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin.java:415:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:51:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:62:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:62:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:64:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:64:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:87:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:89:	Local variable 'loadHelper' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:97:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:101:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:102:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:103:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:107:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'throwable' (lines '107'-'135').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clazz' (lines '108'-'116').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loadHelper' (lines '109'-'113').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:109:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'loadHelper' (lines '109'-'135').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:111:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:118:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:143:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:145:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '145'-'148').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:145:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '145'-'159').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:149:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:150:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:153:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loadHelper' (lines '153'-'157').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:155:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:175:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:177:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '177'-'180').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:177:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '177'-'191').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:181:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:182:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:185:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loadHelper' (lines '185'-'189').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:187:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/CascadingClassLoadHelper.java:209:	In J2EE, getClassLoader() might not work as expected.  Use Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/HostnameInstanceIdGenerator.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/HostnameInstanceIdGenerator.java:24:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/HostnameInstanceIdGenerator.java:40:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/HostnameInstanceIdGenerator.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/HostnameInstanceIdGenerator.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/HostnameInstanceIdGenerator.java:44:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/InitThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/InitThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:25:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/InitThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:38:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/InitThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/InitThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/InitThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/InitThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:71:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/InitThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:81:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/InitThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:91:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/LoadingLoaderClassLoadHelper.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/LoadingLoaderClassLoadHelper.java:25:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/LoadingLoaderClassLoadHelper.java:37:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/LoadingLoaderClassLoadHelper.java:52:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/LoadingLoaderClassLoadHelper.java:58:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/LoadingLoaderClassLoadHelper.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/LoadingLoaderClassLoadHelper.java:68:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/LoadingLoaderClassLoadHelper.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/LoadingLoaderClassLoadHelper.java:78:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/LoadingLoaderClassLoadHelper.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/LoadingLoaderClassLoadHelper.java:88:	In J2EE, getClassLoader() might not work as expected.  Use Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:17:	Possible God class (WMC=54, ATFD=16, TCC=0.07142857142857142)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:35:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:49:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:49:	The class 'PropertySettingJobFactory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 39).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:49:	The class 'PropertySettingJobFactory' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 37).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:49:	The class 'PropertySettingJobFactory' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 37).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:51:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'throwIfNotFound'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:53:	Parameter 'bundle' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:55:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:57:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:66:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:66:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:66:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:66:	The method 'setBeanProps' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 39.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:66:	The method 'setBeanProps' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 37.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:66:	The method 'setBeanProps' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 37.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:66:	The method setBeanProps() has an NPath complexity of 670
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:66:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like bi
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:68:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bi' (lines '68'-'70').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:75:	Local variable 'propDescs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:79:	Local variable 'entryIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:80:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:82:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:83:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:83:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:84:	Local variable 'methName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:86:	Local variable 'setMeth' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paramType' (lines '88'-'99').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:89:	Avoid variables with short names like o
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'o' (lines '89'-'100').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:95:	The String literal " for property '" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 95
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'114').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'116').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'120').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'122').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'126').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'128').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'132').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'134').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'138').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'140').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'144').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'146').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'150').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'152').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'158').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'161').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parm' (lines '102'-'165').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:114:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:114:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:120:	Avoid instantiating Long objects.Call Long.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:120:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:126:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:132:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:138:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:138:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:144:	Avoid instantiating Byte objects. Call Byte.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:144:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:148:	Do not use the short type
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:150:	Avoid instantiating Short objects. Call Short.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:150:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:156:	Local variable 'str' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:157:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:158:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:164:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:164:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:170:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:170:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:172:	The String literal "The setter on Job class " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 172
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:179:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:206:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:210:	Avoid variables with short names like e
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:210:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:210:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:224:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:225:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:225:	Parameter 'props' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:227:	Local variable 'wMeth' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:233:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:238:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:263:	Parameter 'throwIfNotFound' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactory.java:285:	Parameter 'warnIfNotFound' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:18:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:45:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:53:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:62:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:62:	The class 'RAMJobStore' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 15).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:62:	The class 'RAMJobStore' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 15).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:62:	The class 'RAMJobStore' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 15).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:62:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:72:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:72:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:74:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:74:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:76:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:76:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:76:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:78:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:78:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:78:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:80:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:80:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:80:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:82:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:82:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:82:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:84:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:84:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:84:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:86:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:86:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pausedTriggerGroups
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:88:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:88:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:88:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:90:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:90:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:90:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:92:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:92:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:92:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:94:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:96:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:98:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:98:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:113:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:113:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:124:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:134:	Parameter 'loadHelper' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:135:	Parameter 'signaler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:142:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:146:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:157:	Parameter 'misfireThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:158:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:171:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:174:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:178:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:180:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:191:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:191:	Parameter 'newJob' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:192:	Parameter 'newTrigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:197:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:212:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:212:	Parameter 'newJob' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:213:	Parameter 'replaceExisting' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:214:	Avoid variables with short names like jw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:214:	Local variable 'jw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:216:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repl' (lines '216'-'223').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:216:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'repl' (lines '216'-'243').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:226:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:239:	Local variable 'orig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:245:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:259:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:259:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:260:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:261:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:263:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'found' (lines '263'-'271').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:263:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'found' (lines '263'-'274').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:266:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:269:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:271:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'found' (lines '271'-'271').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:271:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'found' (lines '271'-'274').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:277:	Local variable 'grpMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:280:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:290:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:307:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:307:	Parameter 'newTrigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:308:	Parameter 'replaceExisting' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:309:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:309:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:353:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:366:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:366:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:367:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:370:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:370:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:370:	The method 'removeTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:370:	The method removeTrigger() has an NPath complexity of 230
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:371:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:371:	Parameter 'removeOrphanedJob' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:372:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:374:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'found' (lines '374'-'378').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:380:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:380:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tw' (lines '380'-'392').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:382:	Local variable 'grpMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:385:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:385:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:390:	Local variable 'tgs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:393:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:401:	Avoid variables with short names like jw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:401:	Local variable 'jw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:402:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:402:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:404:	Local variable 'trigs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:404:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:405:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:406:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:407:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:407:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:419:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:421:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:421:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:421:	Parameter 'newTrigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:421:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:421:	The method 'replaceTrigger' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:421:	The method replaceTrigger() has an NPath complexity of 275
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:422:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:424:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'found' (lines '424'-'429').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:428:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:434:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:434:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:434:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:438:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:438:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tw' (lines '438'-'450').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:440:	Local variable 'grpMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:442:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:443:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:448:	Local variable 'tgs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:451:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:461:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:470:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:482:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:482:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:483:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like jw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:485:	Local variable 'jw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:487:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:487:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:487:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:491:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:503:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:503:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:504:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:506:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:506:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:509:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:509:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:509:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:509:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:513:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:525:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:525:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:526:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:528:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:528:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:532:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:536:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:540:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:544:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:548:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:552:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:559:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:579:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:579:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:580:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'calendar'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:580:	Parameter 'replaceExisting' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:580:	Parameter 'updateTriggers' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:587:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:589:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:599:	Local variable 'trigs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:599:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:601:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:601:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:602:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:602:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:603:	Local variable 'removed' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:605:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:615:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:630:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:630:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:632:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numRefs' (lines '632'-'640').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:635:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:637:	Local variable 'trigg' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:637:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:638:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:639:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:639:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:640:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numRefs' (lines '640'-'640').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:650:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:653:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:663:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:663:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:665:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:666:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:667:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:667:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:678:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:690:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:702:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:714:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:714:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:715:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '715'-'719').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:715:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '715'-'730').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:717:	Local variable 'grpMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:718:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:719:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '719'-'726').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:720:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outListPos' (lines '720'-'735').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:722:	Local variable 'valueIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:722:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:723:	Avoid variables with short names like jw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:723:	Local variable 'jw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:726:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '726'-'726').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:726:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:737:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:748:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:750:	Local variable 'names' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:761:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:761:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:762:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '762'-'766').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:762:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '762'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:764:	Local variable 'grpMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:765:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:766:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '766'-'773').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:767:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outListPos' (lines '767'-'782').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:769:	Local variable 'valueIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:769:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:770:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:770:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:773:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '773'-'773').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:773:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:790:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:791:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '791'-'794').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:794:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '794'-'798').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:795:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outListPos' (lines '795'-'803').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:796:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:796:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:798:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '798'-'798').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:811:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:812:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '812'-'815').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:815:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '815'-'819').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:816:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outListPos' (lines '816'-'824').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:817:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:817:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:819:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outList' (lines '819'-'819').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:826:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:835:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:835:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:836:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:837:	Local variable 'trigList' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:839:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jobKey' (lines '839'-'850').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:839:	Local variable 'jobKey' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:842:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:842:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:843:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:844:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:852:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:852:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:852:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:852:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:853:	Local variable 'trigList' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:855:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jobKey' (lines '855'-'866').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:855:	Local variable 'jobKey' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:858:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:858:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:859:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:868:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:868:	Parameter 'calName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:868:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:869:	Local variable 'trigList' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:873:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:873:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:874:	Local variable 'tcalName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:874:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:874:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:875:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:890:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:890:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:891:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:894:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:894:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:899:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:917:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:929:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:929:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:937:	Local variable 'names' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:940:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:952:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:952:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:953:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:955:	Local variable 'triggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:957:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:957:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:957:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:957:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:957:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:957:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:957:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:957:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:962:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:975:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:975:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:981:	Local variable 'jobNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:984:	Local variable 'triggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:984:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:987:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:987:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:987:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:987:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:987:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:987:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:988:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:988:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:994:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1006:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1006:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1007:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1010:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1010:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1015:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1018:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1018:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trig' (lines '1.018'-'1.038').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1018:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1018:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1026:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1026:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1040:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1052:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1052:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1055:	Local variable 'names' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1058:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1058:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1060:	Local variable 'jobGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1060:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1060:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1065:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1071:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1084:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1084:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1085:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1088:	Local variable 'triggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1090:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1090:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1090:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1090:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1090:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1090:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1090:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1090:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1095:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1108:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1108:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1110:	Local variable 'jobNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1117:	Local variable 'triggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1127:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1129:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1141:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1144:	Local variable 'names' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1152:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1154:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1165:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1169:	Local variable 'names' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1177:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1177:	Parameter 'tw' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1177:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1184:	Local variable 'tnft' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1186:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1189:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cal' (lines '1.189'-'1.191').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1205:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1211:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1211:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1213:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1225:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1225:	Parameter 'noLaterThan' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1226:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1232:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tw' (lines '1.232'-'1.271').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1234:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1238:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1243:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1253:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1259:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1265:	Local variable 'trig' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1266:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1266:	Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1266:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'trig'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1280:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1280:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1282:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1282:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1298:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1298:	The method 'triggerFired' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1298:	The method 'triggerFired' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1298:	The method 'triggerFired' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1299:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1302:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1302:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1306:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1310:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1313:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cal' (lines '1.313'-'1.315').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1316:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1317:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1319:	Local variable 'prevFireTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1328:	Local variable 'bndle' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1333:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1336:	Local variable 'trigs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1338:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1338:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1340:	Local variable 'ttw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1350:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1360:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1364:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1369:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1369:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1369:	The method 'triggeredJobComplete' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1369:	The method 'triggeredJobComplete' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1369:	The method 'triggeredJobComplete' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1370:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1370:	Parameter 'triggerInstCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1374:	Local variable 'jobKey' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1376:	Avoid variables with short names like jw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1376:	Local variable 'jw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1377:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1377:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1384:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1385:	Avoid variables with short names like jd
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1385:	Local variable 'jd' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1387:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1390:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1391:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1393:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1395:	Local variable 'trigs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1397:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1399:	Local variable 'ttw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1437:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1455:	Parameter 'jobGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1455:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1455:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1455:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1456:	Local variable 'tws' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1457:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1457:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1459:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1459:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1467:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1469:	Local variable 'str' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1470:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1470:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tw' (lines '1.470'-'1.473').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1470:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tw' (lines '1.470'-'1.483').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1470:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tw' (lines '1.470'-'1.490').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1472:	Local variable 'valueIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1472:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1474:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1474:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1475:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1475:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1478:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1481:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1485:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1489:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1493:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1495:	Parameter 'ctxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1496:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1503:	Parameter 'schedInstId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1503:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1507:	Parameter 'schedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1507:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1511:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1515:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1524:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1527:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1529:	Parameter 'obj1' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1529:	Parameter 'obj2' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1529:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1530:	Local variable 'trig1' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1531:	Local variable 'trig2' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1533:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1535:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1538:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1538:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1540:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1543:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1543:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1543:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1546:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1546:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1547:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1551:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1553:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1553:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1555:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1555:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1557:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1562:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1562:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1567:	Parameter 'jobDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1567:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1568:	The String literal "_$x$x$_" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1.568
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1571:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1571:	Parameter 'jobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1571:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1575:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1575:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1577:	Avoid variables with short names like jw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1577:	Local variable 'jw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1579:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1586:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1593:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1595:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1595:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1597:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1597:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1599:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1599:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1601:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1603:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1605:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1607:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1609:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1611:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1613:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1615:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_PAUSED_BLOCKED
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1615:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1617:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1619:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1626:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1626:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1630:	Parameter 'groupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1630:	Parameter 'triggerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1630:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1634:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1634:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1636:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1636:	Local variable 'tw' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1637:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1637:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1638:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1645:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStore.java:1650:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:38:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:53:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:59:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:69:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:79:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:93:	Avoid variables with short names like cl
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:93:	In J2EE, getClassLoader() might not work as expected.  Use Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:93:	Local variable 'cl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:96:	Local variable 'mthd' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:101:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:102:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleClassLoadHelper.java:104:	In J2EE, getClassLoader() might not work as expected.  Use Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleInstanceIdGenerator.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleInstanceIdGenerator.java:31:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleInstanceIdGenerator.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleInstanceIdGenerator.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleInstanceIdGenerator.java:35:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:36:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:38:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:40:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:44:	Parameter 'bundle' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:46:	Local variable 'jobDetail' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:47:	Local variable 'jobClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:56:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like se
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:57:	Local variable 'se' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleJobFactory.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:18:	Possible God class (WMC=71, ATFD=7, TCC=0.09420289855072464)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:29:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:36:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:48:	The class 'SimpleThreadPool' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:48:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:58:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:60:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:62:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'isShutdown'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:62:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:63:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'handoffPending'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:63:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:65:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'inheritLoader'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:67:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like makeThreadsDaemons
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:69:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'makeThreadsDaemons'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:71:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:71:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:73:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:73:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:75:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:75:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:76:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:76:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:76:	Private field 'availWorkers' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:76:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:77:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedList'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:77:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:77:	Private field 'busyWorkers' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:77:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:79:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:81:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:81:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerInstanceName
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:83:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:83:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:101:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:104:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:118:	Parameter 'threadCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:118:	Parameter 'threadPriority' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:131:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:135:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:145:	Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:164:	Parameter 'prio' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:177:	Parameter 'prfx' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:177:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:181:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:202:	Parameter 'inheritLoader' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:206:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:210:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:211:	Parameter 'inheritGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:227:	Avoid excessively long variable names like makeThreadsDaemons
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:227:	Parameter 'makeThreadsDaemons' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:231:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:231:	Parameter 'schedInstId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:231:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:234:	Parameter 'schedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:234:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:238:	The method 'initialize' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:238:	The method initialize() has an NPath complexity of 360
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:238:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:240:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:240:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:253:	Avoid using java.lang.ThreadGroup; it is not thread safe
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:256:	Avoid using java.lang.ThreadGroup; it is not thread safe
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:262:	Avoid using java.lang.ThreadGroup; it is not thread safe
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:276:	Local variable 'workerThreads' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:278:	Avoid variables with short names like wt
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:278:	Local variable 'wt' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:284:	Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:284:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:287:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:287:	Avoid variables with short names like wt
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:287:	Local variable 'wt' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:292:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:292:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:301:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:314:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:323:	Avoid excessively long variable names like waitForJobsToComplete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:323:	Parameter 'waitForJobsToComplete' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:328:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:332:	Local variable 'workerThreads' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:334:	Avoid variables with short names like wt
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:334:	Local variable 'wt' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:344:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:348:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:348:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:352:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:353:	Avoid variables with short names like wt
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:353:	Local variable 'wt' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:366:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:371:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:382:	Parameter 'runnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:382:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:384:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:392:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:392:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:399:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:400:	Avoid variables with short names like wt
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:400:	Local variable 'wt' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:402:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:406:	Avoid variables with short names like wt
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:406:	Local variable 'wt' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:419:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:422:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:433:	Avoid variables with short names like wt
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:433:	Parameter 'wt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:433:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:443:	Avoid variables with short names like wt
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:443:	Parameter 'wt' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:443:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:463:	The class 'WorkerThread' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:463:	The class 'WorkerThread' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:463:	The class 'WorkerThread' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:463:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:466:	Field run has the same name as a method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:466:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:466:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:468:	Avoid variables with short names like tp
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:468:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:468:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:470:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'runnable'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:470:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:470:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:470:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:472:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'runOnce'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:472:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:472:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:481:	Avoid variables with short names like tp
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:481:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:481:	Parameter 'threadGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:481:	Parameter 'tp' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:482:	Parameter 'isDaemon' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:482:	Parameter 'prio' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:493:	Avoid variables with short names like tp
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:493:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:493:	Parameter 'threadGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:493:	Parameter 'tp' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:494:	Parameter 'isDaemon' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:494:	Parameter 'prio' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:494:	Parameter 'runnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:494:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:499:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:510:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:516:	Parameter 'newRunnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:516:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:516:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:532:	The method 'run' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:532:	The method 'run' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:532:	The method 'run' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:533:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ran' (lines '533'-'548').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:533:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ran' (lines '533'-'599').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:534:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shouldRun' (lines '534'-'536').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:548:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ran' (lines '548'-'548').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:548:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ran' (lines '548'-'599').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:554:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:555:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:555:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:558:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:558:	Avoid excessively long variable names like exceptionInRunnable
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:562:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:562:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:567:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:580:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ran' (lines '580'-'548').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:580:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ran' (lines '580'-'599').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:595:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:596:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleThreadPool.java:596:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleTimeBroker.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleTimeBroker.java:25:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleTimeBroker.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleTimeBroker.java:46:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleTimeBroker.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/SimpleTimeBroker.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:25:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:27:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:38:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:53:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:59:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:69:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:79:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ThreadContextClassLoadHelper.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:25:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:27:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:32:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:55:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:70:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:70:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:89:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like waitForJobsToComplete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:96:	Parameter 'waitForJobsToComplete' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:100:	Parameter 'runnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:100:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:108:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:108:	Parameter 'schedInstId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:111:	Document empty method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:111:	Parameter 'schedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/simpl/ZeroSizeThreadPool.java:111:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/ClassLoadHelper.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/InstanceIdGenerator.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/InstanceIdGenerator.java:21:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobFactory.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobFactory.java:22:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobFactory.java:42:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:31:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:53:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:108:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:110:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:125:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:144:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:167:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:182:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:203:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:216:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:231:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:251:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:266:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:290:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:308:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:354:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:368:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:382:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:396:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:410:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:424:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:436:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:466:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:495:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:512:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:528:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:544:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:548:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:565:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:582:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:584:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:598:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:600:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:620:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:644:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/JobStore.java:658:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/SchedulerPlugin.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/SchedulerPlugin.java:23:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/SchedulerPlugin.java:31:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/SchedulerPlugin.java:60:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/SchedulerSignaler.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/SchedulerSignaler.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/SchedulerSignaler.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/SchedulerSignaler.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like candidateNewNextFireTime
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/SchedulerSignaler.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/ThreadPool.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/ThreadPool.java:22:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/ThreadPool.java:53:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/ThreadPool.java:67:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/ThreadPool.java:69:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/ThreadPool.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like waitForJobsToComplete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TimeBroker.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TimeBroker.java:25:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TimeBroker.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TimeBroker.java:58:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:36:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:46:	Private field 'job' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:48:	Private field 'trigger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:50:	Private field 'cal' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:52:	Private field 'jobIsRecovering' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:54:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:54:	Private field 'fireTime' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:56:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:56:	Private field 'scheduledFireTime' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:58:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:58:	Private field 'prevFireTime' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:60:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:60:	Private field 'nextFireTime' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:70:	Parameter 'cal' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:70:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:70:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:71:	Parameter 'fireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:71:	Parameter 'jobIsRecovering' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:71:	Parameter 'scheduledFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:72:	Parameter 'nextFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:72:	Parameter 'prevFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/spi/TriggerFiredBundle.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:22:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:44:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:47:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:57:	Parameter 'newVal' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:58:	Local variable 'index' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:62:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:71:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:78:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'curIndex' (lines '78'-'84').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:78:	Local variable 'curIndex' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:80:	Local variable 'index' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:86:	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:97:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/CircularLossyQueue.java:121:	Local variable 'currInd' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/ConnectionProvider.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/ConnectionProvider.java:23:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/ConnectionProvider.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:24:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:39:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:61:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:61:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:61:	Private field 'providers' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:88:	Parameter 'dataSourceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:89:	Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:101:	Parameter 'dsName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:102:	Local variable 'provider' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:131:	Parameter 'dsName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:133:	Local variable 'provider' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DBConnectionManager.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:18:	Possible God class (WMC=58, ATFD=14, TCC=0.07007575757575757)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:35:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:46:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'dirty'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:76:	Parameter 'initialCapacity' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:88:	Parameter 'initialCapacity' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:88:	Parameter 'loadFactor' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:127:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:128:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:135:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:135:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:139:	Parameter 'val' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:139:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:143:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:147:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:148:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:149:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:155:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:160:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:160:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:164:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:168:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:172:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:172:	Parameter 'val' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:172:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:178:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:178:	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:178:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:186:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:186:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:187:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:196:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:200:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:204:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:204:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:207:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'copy' (lines '207'-'216').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:212:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:222:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:223:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:223:	Private field 'collection' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:223:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:225:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:225:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:225:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:229:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:233:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:237:	Avoid variables with short names like o
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:237:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:237:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:238:	Local variable 'removed' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:245:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:245:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:245:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:246:	Local variable 'changed' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:253:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:253:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:253:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:254:	Local variable 'changed' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:261:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:262:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:269:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:270:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:271:	Avoid variables with short names like o
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:271:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:271:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:272:	Avoid variables with short names like o
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:272:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:272:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:273:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:273:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:273:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:274:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:274:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:274:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:275:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:276:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:276:	Parameter 'array' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:276:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:284:	Parameter 'set' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:284:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:288:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:298:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:298:	Private field 'iterator' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:298:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:300:	Parameter 'iterator' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:300:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:304:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:310:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:311:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:321:	Parameter 'set' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:321:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:325:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:329:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:333:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:333:	Parameter 'array' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:333:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:334:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:338:	Local variable 'size' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:340:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '340'-'346').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:341:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:344:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'entryIter' (lines '344'-'354').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:344:	Local variable 'entryIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:346:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '346'-'346').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:350:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:362:	Parameter 'iterator' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:362:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:366:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:376:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:376:	Private field 'entry' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:376:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:378:	Parameter 'entry' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:378:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:382:	Avoid variables with short names like o
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:382:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:382:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:388:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMap.java:389:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:32:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:48:	The class 'JNDIConnectionProvider' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:48:	The class 'JNDIConnectionProvider' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:48:	The class 'JNDIConnectionProvider' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:58:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:58:	Private field 'url' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:60:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:62:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:64:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'alwaysLookup'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:64:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:66:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:82:	Parameter 'alwaysLookup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:82:	Parameter 'jndiUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:85:	Overridable method 'isAlwaysLookup' called during object construction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:88:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:97:	Parameter 'jndiProps' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:97:	Parameter 'jndiUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:98:	Parameter 'alwaysLookup' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:102:	Overridable method 'isAlwaysLookup' called during object construction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:113:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '120'-'122').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:122:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:125:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:130:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:130:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:136:	The method 'getConnection' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:136:	The method 'getConnection' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:136:	The method 'getConnection' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:137:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '137'-'142').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:137:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '137'-'171').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:139:	Avoid variables with short names like ds
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:142:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:155:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:155:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:155:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:161:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:162:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:163:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:168:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:168:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:173:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:177:	Avoid variables with short names like b
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:177:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:177:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/JNDIConnectionProvider.java:184:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Key.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Key.java:27:	Avoid short class names like Key
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Key.java:45:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Key.java:45:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:27:	Avoid short class names like Pair
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:42:	Document empty constructor
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:45:	Parameter 'first' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:45:	Parameter 'second' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:78:	Parameter 'first' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:101:	Parameter 'second' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:105:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:114:	Parameter 'that' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:116:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:119:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:121:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:121:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:121:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:123:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:123:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:125:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:125:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:127:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:127:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:127:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:137:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:138:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:138:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:139:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:140:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:140:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:141:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:142:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/Pair.java:142:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DB_MAX_CONNECTIONS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DB_VALIDATION_QUERY
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_DB_MAX_CONNECTIONS
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:86:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:86:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:96:	Parameter 'dbDriver' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:96:	Parameter 'dbURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:97:	Parameter 'dbPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:97:	Parameter 'dbUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:97:	Parameter 'maxConnections' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:98:	Parameter 'dbValidationQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:104:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:123:	Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:124:	Local variable 'cfg' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:146:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:147:	Parameter 'dbDriver' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:148:	Parameter 'dbURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:149:	Parameter 'dbUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:150:	Parameter 'dbPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:151:	Parameter 'maxConnections' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:152:	Parameter 'dbValidationQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:193:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PoolingConnectionProvider.java:197:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:43:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'props'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:43:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:53:	Parameter 'props' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:74:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:83:	Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:83:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:94:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:98:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:98:	Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:98:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:99:	Local variable 'vals' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:101:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:104:	Local variable 'stok' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:105:	Local variable 'strs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:111:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:112:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:117:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:121:	Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:121:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:122:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:124:	Unnecessary wrapper object creation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:127:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:127:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:128:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:130:	The String literal " null string" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 130
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:136:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:140:	Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:140:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:140:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:142:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:144:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:150:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:154:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:154:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:158:	Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:158:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:158:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:159:	Local variable 'param' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:163:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:163:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:164:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:172:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:176:	Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:176:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:176:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:178:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:180:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:186:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:190:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:190:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:191:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:199:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:203:	Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:203:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:203:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:205:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:207:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:213:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:217:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:217:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:218:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:226:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:230:	Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:230:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:230:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:232:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:234:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:240:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:244:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:244:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:248:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:248:	Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:248:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:248:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:250:	Local variable 'vals' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:252:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:255:	Local variable 'stok' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:256:	Local variable 'ints' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:260:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:260:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:261:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:262:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:266:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outInts' (lines '266'-'268').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:268:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outInts' (lines '268'-'268').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:270:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:271:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:276:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:276:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:277:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:285:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:289:	Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:289:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:289:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:291:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:293:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:299:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:303:	Do not use the short type
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:303:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:303:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:304:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:312:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:316:	Do not use the short type
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:316:	Do not use the short type
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:316:	Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:316:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:316:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:318:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:320:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:326:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:330:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'prefix'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:330:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:331:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:332:	Local variable 'groups' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:338:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:339:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:341:	Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:350:	Parameter 'prefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:350:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:354:	Parameter 'prefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:354:	Parameter 'stripPrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:354:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:358:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:373:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'prefix'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:373:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:373:	Parameter 'excludedPrefixes' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:373:	Parameter 'stripPrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:374:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:375:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:382:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:382:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:383:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:387:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:387:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:387:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:392:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:393:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParser.java:398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:22:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:33:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:34:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allowsTransientData
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:41:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'allowsTransientData'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:47:	Parameter 'initialCapacity' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:51:	Parameter 'initialCapacity' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:51:	Parameter 'loadFactor' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:62:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allowsTransientData
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:71:	Parameter 'allowsTransientData' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:90:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:94:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:105:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:108:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:110:	Avoid variables with short names like o
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:110:	Local variable 'o' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:112:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:132:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:134:	Avoid variables with short names like o
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:134:	Local variable 'o' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:141:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:151:	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:152:	Local variable 'entryIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:153:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:162:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:165:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:165:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:166:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:171:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:174:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:174:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:175:	Avoid instantiating Long objects.Call Long.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:180:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:183:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:183:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:189:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:192:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:192:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:198:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:201:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:201:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:202:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:207:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:210:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:210:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:216:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:219:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:219:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:225:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:228:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:228:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:239:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:245:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:246:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:249:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:250:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:252:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:253:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:259:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:265:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:266:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:269:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:270:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:272:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:273:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:279:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:285:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:286:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:289:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:290:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:292:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:293:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:299:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:305:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:306:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:309:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:310:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:312:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:313:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:319:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:325:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:326:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:329:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:330:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:332:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:333:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:339:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:345:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:346:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:349:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:350:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:350:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:351:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:352:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:353:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:359:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:365:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:366:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:370:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/StringKeyDirtyFlagMap.java:371:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/TriggerStatus.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/TriggerStatus.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/TriggerStatus.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/TriggerStatus.java:60:	Parameter 'nextFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/TriggerStatus.java:60:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/TriggerStatus.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/TriggerStatus.java:78:	Parameter 'jobKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/TriggerStatus.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/TriggerStatus.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/TriggerStatus.java:86:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/TriggerStatus.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:50:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:51:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:51:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:57:	Local variable 'updateUrl' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:58:	Local variable 'updateProps' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:59:	Local variable 'currentVersion' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:70:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:71:	Local variable 'newVersions' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:73:	Local variable 'newVersion' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:82:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:86:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:86:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:88:	Avoid empty if statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:98:	Parameter 'updateUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:99:	Local variable 'connection' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:101:	Avoid variables with short names like in
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:101:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '101'-'111').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:101:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:103:	Local variable 'props' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:114:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:115:	Local variable 'connector' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:120:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:120:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:120:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 97 characters appended.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:121:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:122:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:123:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:124:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:125:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:126:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:127:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:128:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:129:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:130:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:131:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:132:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:133:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:134:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:135:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:136:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:137:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:138:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:139:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:145:	Local variable 'uptime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:146:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:151:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:152:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:157:	Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:161:	Parameter 'prop' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:165:	Avoid variables with short names like s
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:165:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:166:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:169:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:169:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/UpdateChecker.java:169:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/Counter.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterConfig.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterConfig.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterConfig.java:35:	Parameter 'initialValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterImpl.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterImpl.java:29:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterImpl.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterImpl.java:44:	Parameter 'initialValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterImpl.java:65:	Parameter 'newValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterImpl.java:79:	Parameter 'amount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterImpl.java:86:	Parameter 'amount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterImpl.java:93:	Parameter 'newValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManager.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:35:	Private field 'timer' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:36:	Field shutdown has the same name as a method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:37:	Private field 'counters' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:43:	Parameter 'timer' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:53:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'counter' (lines '53'-'60').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:53:	Parameter 'killTimer' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:53:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:59:	Local variable 'counter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:64:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:74:	Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:74:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:79:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:81:	Local variable 'counter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:83:	Local variable 'sampledCounter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:93:	Parameter 'counter' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:95:	Avoid variables with short names like sc
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:95:	Local variable 'sc' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/CounterManagerImpl.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounter.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterConfig.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterConfig.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterConfig.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterConfig.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterConfig.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterConfig.java:34:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterConfig.java:44:	Parameter 'historySize' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterConfig.java:44:	Parameter 'initialValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterConfig.java:44:	Parameter 'intervalSecs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterConfig.java:44:	Parameter 'isResetOnSample' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterConfig.java:46:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterConfig.java:49:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:52:	Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:66:	Overridable method 'recordSample' called during object construction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:113:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:114:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledCounterImpl.java:122:	Local variable 'timedSample' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounter.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounter.java:35:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounter.java:43:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounter.java:51:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounter.java:58:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounter.java:65:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initialNumeratorValue
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initialDenominatorValue
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:33:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:42:	Parameter 'historySize' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:42:	Parameter 'intervalSecs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:42:	Parameter 'isResetOnSample' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:46:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initialNumeratorValue
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:57:	Parameter 'historySize' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:57:	Parameter 'initialNumeratorValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:57:	Parameter 'intervalSecs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:57:	Parameter 'isResetOnSample' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initialDenominatorValue
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:58:	Parameter 'initialDenominatorValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sampledRateCounter
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterConfig.java:69:	Local variable 'sampledRateCounter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OPERATION_NOT_SUPPORTED_MSG
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:38:	Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:45:	Parameter 'denominator' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:45:	Parameter 'numerator' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:45:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:53:	Parameter 'denominator' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:53:	Parameter 'numerator' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:53:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:61:	Parameter 'denominator' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:61:	Parameter 'numerator' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:61:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:69:	Parameter 'newValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:69:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:76:	Parameter 'newValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:76:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:84:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:85:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:92:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:93:	Local variable 'prevVal' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:104:	Parameter 'newValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:112:	Parameter 'newValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:112:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:128:	Parameter 'amount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/SampledRateCounterImpl.java:158:	Parameter 'amount' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/TimeStampedCounterValue.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/TimeStampedCounterValue.java:27:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/TimeStampedCounterValue.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/TimeStampedCounterValue.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/TimeStampedCounterValue.java:37:	Parameter 'timestamp' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/utils/counter/sampled/TimeStampedCounterValue.java:37:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like validationExceptions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:62:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:72:	Parameter 'errors' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:88:	Parameter 'errors' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:88:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:118:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:118:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:120:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:120:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:122:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'first' (lines '122'-'137').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:124:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:126:	Avoid variables with short names like e
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:126:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:130:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'first' (lines '130'-'137').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/ValidationException.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:18:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:18:	Possible God class (WMC=167, ATFD=130, TCC=0.005689900426742532)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:72:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:73:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:78:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:81:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:86:	Avoid really long classes.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:86:	The class 'XMLSchedulingDataProcessor' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 41).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:86:	The class 'XMLSchedulingDataProcessor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 33).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:86:	The class 'XMLSchedulingDataProcessor' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 33).
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:86:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:95:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like QUARTZ_SCHEMA_WEB_URL
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:97:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like QUARTZ_XSD_PATH_IN_JAR
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:99:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like QUARTZ_XML_DEFAULT_FILE_NAME
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:101:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like QUARTZ_SYSTEM_ID_JAR_PREFIX
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:103:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:114:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'dateFormat' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:114:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:114:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:126:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:126:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerGroupsToDelete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:127:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:127:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:128:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:128:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:129:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:129:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:132:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:132:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:133:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:133:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like overWriteExistingData
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:136:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:137:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ignoreDuplicates'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:137:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like validationExceptions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:139:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:139:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:142:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:142:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobGroupsToNeverDelete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:143:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:143:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerGroupsToNeverDelete
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:144:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:144:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:146:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'docBuilder'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:146:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:146:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:147:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'xpath'
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:147:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:147:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:149:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:149:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:149:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:163:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:165:	Parameter 'clh' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:167:	Overridable method 'initDocumentParser' called during object construction
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:176:	Local variable 'docBuilderFactory' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:189:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nsContext' (lines '189'-'222').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:189:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nsContext' (lines '189'-'222').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:189:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nsContext' (lines '189'-'222').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:189:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nsContext' (lines '189'-'222').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:189:	Local variable 'nsContext' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:191:	Parameter 'prefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:191:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:193:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:195:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:197:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:200:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:206:	Parameter 'namespaceURI' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:206:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:212:	Parameter 'namespaceURI' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:212:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:224:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:225:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inputSource' (lines '225'-'235').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:225:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inputSource' (lines '225'-'247').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:227:	Avoid variables with short names like is
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:227:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'is' (lines '227'-'232').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:229:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:229:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'url'.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:229:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '229'-'247').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:229:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:234:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:240:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:240:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:241:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:241:	Avoid returning from a finally block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:249:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:263:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:273:	Avoid excessively long variable names like overWriteExistingData
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:273:	Parameter 'overWriteExistingData' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:295:	Parameter 'ignoreDuplicates' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:306:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:307:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:318:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:319:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:320:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:342:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:343:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:354:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:355:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:356:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:385:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:395:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:395:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:399:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:409:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:409:	The method 'getSystemIdForFileName' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:409:	The method 'getSystemIdForFileName' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:409:	The method 'getSystemIdForFileName' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:410:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileInputStream' (lines '410'-'425').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:410:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileInputStream' (lines '410'-'431').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:412:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'urlPath' (lines '412'-'419').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:412:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlPath' (lines '412'-'451').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:414:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:415:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:416:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:419:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlPath' (lines '419'-'451').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:424:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:426:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:432:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:437:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:437:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:438:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:440:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:448:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:460:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:464:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:480:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:489:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:489:	Parameter 'systemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:496:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:496:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:498:	Avoid variables with short names like is
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:498:	Local variable 'is' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:506:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:515:	Parameter 'sched' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:515:	Parameter 'stream' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:515:	Parameter 'systemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:522:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:522:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:524:	Avoid variables with short names like is
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:524:	Local variable 'is' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:534:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:534:	Avoid variables with short names like is
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:534:	Parameter 'is' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:534:	The method 'process' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:534:	The method 'process' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:534:	The method 'process' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:534:	The method process() has an NCSS line count of 136
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:534:	The method process() has an NPath complexity of 207146304
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:534:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:537:	Local variable 'document' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:543:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deleteJobGroupNodes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:543:	Local variable 'deleteJobGroupNodes' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:547:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:547:	The String literal "Found " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 547
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:547:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:547:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:549:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:550:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:550:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:551:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:551:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:552:	Avoid assignments in operands
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:552:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:552:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:552:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:557:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deleteTriggerGroupNodes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:557:	Local variable 'deleteTriggerGroupNodes' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:561:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:561:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:564:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:565:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:565:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:566:	Avoid assignments in operands
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:566:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:566:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:566:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:571:	Local variable 'deleteJobNodes' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:575:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:575:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:575:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:577:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:578:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:580:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:580:	The String literal "q:name" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 580
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:581:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:581:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '581'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:581:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:581:	The String literal "q:group" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 581
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:583:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:585:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:588:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deleteTriggerNodes
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:588:	Local variable 'deleteTriggerNodes' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:592:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:592:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:592:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:594:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:595:	Local variable 'node' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:595:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:597:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:598:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:598:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:600:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:602:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:609:	Local variable 'overWrite' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:612:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:612:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:615:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:615:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:619:	Local variable 'ignoreDupes' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:622:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:622:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:625:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:625:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:633:	Local variable 'jobNodes' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:636:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:636:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:636:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:638:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:639:	Local variable 'jobDetailNode' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:639:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:640:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:640:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '640'-'646').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:642:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:643:	Local variable 'jobGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:644:	Local variable 'jobDescription' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:645:	Local variable 'jobClassName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:647:	Local variable 'jobVolatility' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:647:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:647:	The String literal "true" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 647
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:647:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:649:	Local variable 'jobDurability' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:649:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:649:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:651:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobRecoveryRequested
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:651:	Local variable 'jobRecoveryRequested' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:651:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:651:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:653:	Local variable 'jobClass' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:655:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:655:	Local variable 'jobDetail' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:658:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:660:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jobListenerEntries
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:660:	Local variable 'jobListenerEntries' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:663:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:664:	Local variable 'listenerRefNode' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:664:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:665:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:666:	Avoid assignments in operands
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:666:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:666:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:666:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:667:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:668:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:670:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:673:	Local variable 'jobDataEntries' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:677:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:678:	Local variable 'entryNode' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:678:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:679:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:680:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:681:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:681:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:684:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:694:	Local variable 'triggerEntries' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:697:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:697:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:697:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:699:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:700:	Local variable 'triggerNode' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:700:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:701:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'triggerName' (lines '701'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:701:	Local variable 'triggerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:702:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'triggerGroup' (lines '702'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:702:	Local variable 'triggerGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:703:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:703:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerDescription
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:703:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'triggerDescription' (lines '703'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:703:	Local variable 'triggerDescription' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:704:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerMisfireInstructionConst
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:704:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'triggerMisfireInstructionConst' (lines '704'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:704:	Local variable 'triggerMisfireInstructionConst' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:705:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:705:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggerCalendarRef
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:705:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'triggerCalendarRef' (lines '705'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:705:	Local variable 'triggerCalendarRef' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:706:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'triggerJobName' (lines '706'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:706:	Local variable 'triggerJobName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:707:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'triggerJobGroup' (lines '707'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:707:	Local variable 'triggerJobGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:708:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:708:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:709:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:709:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'triggerVolatility' (lines '709'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:709:	Local variable 'triggerVolatility' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:709:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:709:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:711:	Local variable 'startTimeString' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:712:	Local variable 'endTimeString' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:714:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:714:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'triggerStartTime' (lines '714'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:714:	Local variable 'triggerStartTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:714:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:714:	Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:715:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:715:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'triggerEndTime' (lines '715'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:715:	Local variable 'triggerEndTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:715:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:715:	Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:717:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trigger' (lines '717'-'726').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:717:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trigger' (lines '717'-'737').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:717:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trigger' (lines '717'-'777').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:719:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:719:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:720:	Local variable 'repeatCountString' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:721:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repeatIntervalString
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:721:	Local variable 'repeatIntervalString' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:723:	Local variable 'repeatCount' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:724:	Local variable 'repeatInterval' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:726:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:730:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:730:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:731:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:732:	Local variable 'timezoneString' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:735:	Avoid variables with short names like tz
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:735:	Local variable 'tz' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:737:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:742:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:745:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:746:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:747:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:749:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:750:	Local variable 'clazz' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:750:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:753:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:754:	Local variable 'misfireInst' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:754:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:755:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:756:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:757:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:757:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:761:	Local variable 'jobDataEntries' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:765:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:766:	Local variable 'entryNode' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:766:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:767:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:768:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:769:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:769:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:772:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:779:	Parameter 'elementName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:779:	Parameter 'parentNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:779:	Parameter 'xpath' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:779:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:783:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:784:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:786:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:786:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:787:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:792:	Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:792:	Parameter 'elementName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:792:	Parameter 'xpath' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:792:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:794:	Local variable 'directive' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:796:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:796:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:797:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:799:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:799:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:800:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:800:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:800:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:800:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:800:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:800:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:800:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:801:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:811:	Parameter 'sched' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:812:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:812:	Avoid excessively long variable names like overWriteExistingJobs
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:812:	Parameter 'overWriteExistingJobs' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:823:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:823:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:823:	Parameter 'sched' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:834:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:834:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:834:	Parameter 'sched' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:834:	Parameter 'systemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:867:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:871:	Parameter 'job' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:871:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:875:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:875:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:879:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'trigger' (lines '879'-'884').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:879:	Parameter 'triggers' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:881:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggersByFQJobName
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:881:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:881:	Local variable 'triggersByFQJobName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:883:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:886:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:895:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '895'-'899').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:895:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'groupName' (lines '895'-'902').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:895:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'jobName' (lines '895'-'904').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:895:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '895'-'941').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:895:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'triggerName' (lines '895'-'925').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:895:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:895:	The method 'executePreProcessCommands' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:895:	The method 'executePreProcessCommands' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:895:	The method 'executePreProcessCommands' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:895:	The method executePreProcessCommands() has an NPath complexity of 576
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:895:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:898:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:899:	Position literals first in String comparisons
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:901:	Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:903:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:912:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:919:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:920:	Position literals first in String comparisons
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:922:	Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:924:	Local variable 'triggerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:933:	Local variable 'triggerName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:940:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:947:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:955:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:964:	Avoid really long methods.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:964:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'trigger' (lines '964'-'1.089').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:964:	Parameter 'sched' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:964:	The method 'scheduleJobs' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 41.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:964:	The method 'scheduleJobs' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:964:	The method 'scheduleJobs' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:964:	The method scheduleJobs() has an NPath complexity of 315939
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:967:	Local variable 'jobs' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:968:	Local variable 'triggers' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:970:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:970:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:970:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:970:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:972:	Avoid excessively long variable names like triggersByFQJobName
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:972:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'triggersByFQJobName' (lines '972'-'1.139').
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:972:	Local variable 'triggersByFQJobName' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:975:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:975:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:977:	Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:980:	Local variable 'dupeJ' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:980:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:980:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:982:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:984:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:984:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:984:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:992:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:993:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:993:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:993:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:995:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:995:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:995:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:998:	Local variable 'triggersOfJob' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:998:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:998:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1000:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1000:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1000:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1004:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1007:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1007:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1008:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1008:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1009:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1009:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1012:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1016:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1020:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addJobWithFirstSchedule
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1023:	Local variable 'titr' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1023:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1025:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1026:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1028:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1029:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1033:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1034:	Local variable 'dupeT' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1034:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1034:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1035:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1039:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1039:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1043:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1043:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1043:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1050:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1050:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1050:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1050:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1050:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1050:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1051:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1054:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1054:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1058:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1058:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1072:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1072:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1086:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1087:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1089:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1090:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1094:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1095:	Local variable 'dupeT' could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1095:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1095:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1096:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1104:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1104:	There is log block not surrounded by if
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1141:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1151:	Avoid variables with short names like e
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1151:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1155:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1165:	Avoid variables with short names like e
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1165:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1169:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1179:	Avoid variables with short names like e
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1179:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1189:	Avoid variables with short names like e
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1189:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/main/java/org/quartz/xml/XMLSchedulingDataProcessor.java:1208:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:38:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:38:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:42:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:56:	Returning 'VERSIONS' may expose an internal array.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:63:	Parameter 'deserialized' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:63:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:64:	Local variable 'targetCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deserializedCalendar
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:65:	Local variable 'deserializedCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:67:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:68:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:69:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:70:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:74:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:77:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:78:	Local variable 'annualCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:86:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:89:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:89:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:90:	Local variable 'annualCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:91:	Local variable 'day' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:123:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:124:	Local variable 'annualCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:125:	Local variable 'day' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:144:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:145:	Local variable 'annualCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:146:	Local variable 'day' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/AnnualCalendarTest.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:24:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:34:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:45:	Returning 'VERSIONS' may expose an internal array.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:52:	Parameter 'deserialized' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:52:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetCronExpression
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:53:	Local variable 'targetCronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deserializedCronExpression
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:54:	Local variable 'deserializedCronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:56:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:57:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:58:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:64:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:64:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:65:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:70:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:73:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:77:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:81:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:87:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:88:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:90:	Local variable 'baos' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:91:	Local variable 'oos' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:93:	Local variable 'bais' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:94:	Local variable 'ois' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:95:	Local variable 'newExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:97:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:104:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:106:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:106:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:108:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cronExpression'.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cronExpression' (lines '108'-'122').
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:108:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:111:	The String literal "Incorrect ParseException thrown" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 111
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:116:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cronExpression'.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:116:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:124:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:124:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:124:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:126:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cronExpression'.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:126:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cronExpression' (lines '126'-'146').
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:126:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:133:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cronExpression'.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:133:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:140:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cronExpression'.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:140:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:148:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:148:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:148:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:150:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cronExpression'.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:150:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cronExpression' (lines '150'-'175').
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:150:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:157:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cronExpression'.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:157:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:164:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cronExpression'.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:164:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:171:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cronExpression'.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronExpressionTest.java:171:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:23:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:32:	Returning 'VERSIONS' may expose an internal array.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:39:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:40:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:43:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:43:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:60:	Parameter 'deserialized' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:60:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:61:	Local variable 'targetCronTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deserializedCronTrigger
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:62:	Local variable 'deserializedCronTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:64:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:65:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:66:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:67:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:68:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:69:	Comment is too large: Line too long
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:70:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:71:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:72:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:73:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:74:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:75:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:79:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:79:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:80:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:81:	Local variable 'trigger2' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:92:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:93:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/CronTriggerTest.java:94:	Local variable 'trigger2' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.TimeZone'
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:30:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:32:	Local variable 'startCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:36:	Local variable 'yearlyTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:41:	Local variable 'targetCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:45:	Local variable 'fireTimes' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:46:	Local variable 'secondTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:52:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:54:	Local variable 'startCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:58:	Local variable 'yearlyTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:63:	Local variable 'targetCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:69:	Local variable 'fireTimes' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:70:	Local variable 'fifthTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:75:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:77:	Local variable 'startCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:81:	Local variable 'yearlyTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:86:	Local variable 'targetCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:92:	Local variable 'fireTimes' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:93:	Local variable 'fifthTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:95:	System.out.println is used
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:96:	System.out.println is used
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:101:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:103:	Local variable 'startCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:107:	Local variable 'dailyTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:112:	Local variable 'targetCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:118:	Local variable 'fireTimes' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:119:	Local variable 'fifthTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:124:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:124:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:126:	Local variable 'startCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:130:	Local variable 'yearlyTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:135:	Local variable 'targetCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:141:	Local variable 'fireTimes' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:142:	Local variable 'fifthTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:147:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:149:	Local variable 'startCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:153:	Local variable 'yearlyTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:158:	Local variable 'targetCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:164:	Local variable 'fireTimes' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:165:	Local variable 'fifthTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:170:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:170:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:172:	Local variable 'startCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:176:	Local variable 'yearlyTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:181:	Local variable 'targetCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:187:	Local variable 'fireTimes' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:188:	Local variable 'fifthTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:193:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:193:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:193:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:242:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:242:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:242:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:285:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:285:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:289:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/DateIntervalTriggerTest.java:289:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:22:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:22:	This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like m
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:30:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:31:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:40:	Returning 'VERSIONS' may expose an internal array.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:47:	Parameter 'deserialized' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:47:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:48:	Local variable 'targetMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:49:	Local variable 'deserializedMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:51:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:52:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:53:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:54:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDataMapTest.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:28:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:28:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:29:	Local variable 'listenerNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:33:	Local variable 'hashSet' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:34:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:36:	Local variable 'jobDetail' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:42:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:49:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:50:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:55:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:55:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:56:	Local variable 'jobDetail' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:64:	Local variable 'clonedJobDetail' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:65:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:71:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:72:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:73:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:74:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/JobDetailTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/MonthlyCalendarTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/MonthlyCalendarTest.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.TimeZone'
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/MonthlyCalendarTest.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/MonthlyCalendarTest.java:37:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/MonthlyCalendarTest.java:37:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/MonthlyCalendarTest.java:38:	Local variable 'monthlyCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/MonthlyCalendarTest.java:43:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/MonthlyCalendarTest.java:43:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/MonthlyCalendarTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/MonthlyCalendarTest.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/MonthlyCalendarTest.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/MonthlyCalendarTest.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:25:	The class 'NthIncludedDayTriggerTest' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:25:	The class 'NthIncludedDayTriggerTest' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:25:	The class 'NthIncludedDayTriggerTest' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:28:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:28:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:29:	Local variable 'startCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:34:	Local variable 'yearlyTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:44:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:47:	Local variable 'monthlyTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:55:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:58:	Local variable 'weeklyTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:78:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:81:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:81:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:81:	The method 'testSetGetFireAtTime' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:81:	The method 'testSetGetFireAtTime' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:81:	The method 'testSetGetFireAtTime' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:81:	The method testSetGetFireAtTime() has an NPath complexity of 512
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:82:	Local variable 'trigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:88:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:89:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:91:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:94:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:98:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:99:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:104:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:105:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:109:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:113:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:114:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:119:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:120:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:125:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:126:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:131:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:132:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:137:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:138:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:143:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:144:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:148:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:148:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:148:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:150:	Local variable 'GMT' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:150:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'GMT' starts with uppercase character.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:151:	Local variable 'EST' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:151:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'EST' starts with uppercase character.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:153:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:158:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:158:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:165:	Local variable 'firstTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:166:	Local variable 'firstTimeCal' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:186:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:191:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:198:	Local variable 'firstTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:199:	Local variable 'firstTimeCal' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:222:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:232:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:235:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:235:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:250:	Returning 'VERSIONS' may expose an internal array.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:257:	Parameter 'deserialized' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:257:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:258:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'targetTrigger'.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:258:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'targetTrigger' (lines '258'-'271').
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:258:	Local variable 'targetTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:259:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deserializedTrigger
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:259:	Local variable 'deserializedTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:261:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:262:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:263:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:264:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:265:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:266:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:267:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:268:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:269:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:270:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/NthIncludedDayTriggerTest.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.concurrent.CyclicBarrier'
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:24:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:25:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:26:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:27:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:28:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:29:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:30:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:36:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:39:	StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:41:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:42:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:49:	JUnit 4 tests that set up tests should use the @Before annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:50:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:55:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:56:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:58:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:61:	Local variable 'trig1' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:62:	Local variable 'trig2' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:64:	Local variable 'jobDetail' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:75:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:80:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:81:	Local variable 'sched' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:83:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:86:	Local variable 'trig1' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:89:	Local variable 'trig2' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:92:	Local variable 'jobDetail' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/PriorityTest.java:103:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:23:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:25:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:27:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:32:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:35:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:38:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:41:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:44:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:47:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:50:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:53:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:53:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:53:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:54:	System.err.println is used
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:55:	System.err.println is used
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:57:	System.err.println is used
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:58:	System.err.println is used
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:61:	Parameter 'constant' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:61:	Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:63:	Local variable 'cronExpression' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:64:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:65:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:68:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:77:	This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:77:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:79:	Parameter 'cronExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:83:	Parameter 'constant' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/Quartz601Test.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:30:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:30:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:36:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:54:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:54:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:55:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'targetObject' (lines '55'-'64').
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:55:	Local variable 'targetObject' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:58:	Local variable 'version' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:69:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:69:	Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:69:	Parameter 'version' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like is
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:70:	Local variable 'is' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:72:	Local variable 'ois' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:74:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:86:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:86:	Parameter 'version' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:87:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:89:	Local variable 'fos' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:90:	Local variable 'oos' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:102:	Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:102:	Parameter 'version' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:103:	Local variable 'className' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '104'-'105').
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:104:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:105:	Useless parentheses.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SerializationTestSupport.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:29:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:51:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like t
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:54:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:74:	Returning 'VERSIONS' may expose an internal array.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:81:	Parameter 'deserialized' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:81:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetSimpleTrigger
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:82:	Local variable 'targetSimpleTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deserializedSimpleTrigger
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:83:	Local variable 'deserializedSimpleTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:85:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:86:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:87:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:88:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:89:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:90:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:91:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:92:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:93:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:94:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:95:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:96:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:97:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:98:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:99:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:102:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:102:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:104:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:107:	Local variable 'endTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:110:	Local variable 'simpleTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:116:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'currentTime'.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:116:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentTime' (lines '116'-'121').
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:116:	Local variable 'currentTime' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:118:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:119:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:120:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:123:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:123:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:124:	Local variable 'simpleTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:130:	Local variable 'fireTimeAfter' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:131:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:134:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:134:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:135:	Local variable 'listenerNames' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:139:	Local variable 'hashSet' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:140:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:142:	Local variable 'simpleTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:148:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:155:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:156:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:161:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:161:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:161:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:162:	Local variable 'simpleTrigger' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:166:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:167:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:175:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:176:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:177:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:178:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:179:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:184:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:185:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:187:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:189:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:190:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:191:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:192:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:193:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:197:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:197:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/SimpleTriggerTest.java:197:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.regex.Pattern'
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:23:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:26:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:26:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:30:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:31:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like s
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:40:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:41:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:42:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parsed' (lines '42'-'46').
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'intVal' (lines '43'-'45').
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:47:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:49:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/VersionTest.java:50:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:28:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:29:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:32:	Local variable 'testPlugin' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:33:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:33:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:33:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'org.quartz.Scheduler' due to existing import 'org.quartz.Scheduler'
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:34:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:44:	Local variable 'threadPool' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:51:	Local variable 'scheduler' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/DirectSchedulerFactoryTest.java:55:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.objectweb.asm.AnnotationVisitor'
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.objectweb.asm.FieldVisitor'
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.objectweb.asm.Label'
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:21:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:23:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:23:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:24:	Local variable 'props' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:29:	Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:30:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'scheduler'.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:30:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'scheduler' (lines '30'-'40').
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:30:	Local variable 'scheduler' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:32:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:33:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:35:	Local variable 'directFactory' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:38:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:39:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:42:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:42:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:46:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like tp
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:47:	Local variable 'tp' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:50:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:51:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:60:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like cw
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:61:	Local variable 'cw' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like mv
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:64:	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like b
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:75:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:75:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:75:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:81:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:81:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'instanceIdCalls' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:81:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:82:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:82:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'instanceNameCalls' is not all capitals.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:82:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:84:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:87:	Document empty method
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:91:	Parameter 'schedInstId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:97:	Parameter 'schedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:97:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:104:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:107:	Parameter 'schedInstId' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:113:	Parameter 'schedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/SchedulerDetailsSetterTest.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:5:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:7:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:7:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:7:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:8:	Local variable 'base' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:9:	Local variable 'clone' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:11:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:11:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:12:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:12:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:13:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/BaseCalendarTest.java:13:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:23:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:26:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:26:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:28:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:31:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:34:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:34:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:35:	Local variable 'dailyCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:37:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:40:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like c
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:48:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:60:	Returning 'VERSIONS' may expose an internal array.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:67:	Parameter 'deserialized' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:67:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:68:	Local variable 'targetCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deserializedCalendar
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:69:	Local variable 'deserializedCalendar' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:71:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:72:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:73:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:74:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:75:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/calendar/DailyCalendarTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegateTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegateTest.java:26:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegateTest.java:26:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegateTest.java:28:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegateTest.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegateTest.java:29:	Local variable 'delegate' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegateTest.java:31:	Local variable 'jdm' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegateTest.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegateTest.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegateTest.java:47:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegateTest.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/StdJDBCDelegateTest.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:29:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:33:	JUnit 4 tests that set up tests should use the @Before annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:33:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:38:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:38:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:39:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:40:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:40:	The String literal "intValue" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:41:	Avoid instantiating Long objects.Call Long.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:45:	Avoid instantiating Short objects. Call Short.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:45:	Do not use the short type
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:46:	The String literal "charValue" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 46
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:47:	Avoid instantiating Byte objects. Call Byte.valueOf() instead
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:51:	Local variable 'myBean' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:54:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:55:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:58:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:59:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:60:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:61:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:62:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:63:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:66:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:67:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:68:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:71:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:72:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:75:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:76:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:80:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:81:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:84:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:85:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:87:	Local variable 'testBean' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:90:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:93:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:94:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:98:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:99:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:102:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:103:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:107:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:108:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:111:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:111:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:112:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:116:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:117:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:120:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:121:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:125:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:126:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:129:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:129:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:130:	Local variable 'jobDataMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:140:	Local variable 'myBean' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:143:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:144:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:147:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:147:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:148:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:149:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:150:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:153:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:154:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:155:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:156:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:157:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:158:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:159:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:160:	Do not use the short type
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:160:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:161:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:162:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:163:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:165:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:165:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:169:	Parameter 'booleanValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:169:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:173:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:177:	Parameter 'doubleValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:177:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:181:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:185:	Parameter 'floatValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:185:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:189:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:193:	Parameter 'intValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:193:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:197:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:201:	Parameter 'longValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:201:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:205:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:209:	Parameter 'mapValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:209:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:213:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:217:	Parameter 'stringValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:217:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:221:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:225:	Parameter 'byteValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:225:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:229:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:233:	Parameter 'charValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:233:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:237:	Do not use the short type
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:237:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:241:	Do not use the short type
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:241:	Parameter 'shortValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/PropertySettingJobFactoryTest.java:241:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:34:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:39:	JUnit 4 tests that set up tests should use the @Before annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:39:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:49:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:49:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:50:	Local variable 'trigger1' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:54:	Local variable 'trigger2' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:58:	Local variable 'trigger3' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:70:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:71:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:74:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:77:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:80:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:84:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:88:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:93:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:93:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:98:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:100:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:103:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:106:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:110:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:114:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:115:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:120:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:120:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:122:	Local variable 'jobName' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:123:	Local variable 'jobGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:124:	Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:127:	Local variable 'trName' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:128:	Local variable 'trGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:129:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:129:	Local variable 'tr' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:135:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:139:	In JUnit4, use the @Test(expected) annotation to denote tests that should throw exceptions
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:140:	Avoid empty catch blocks
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:146:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:150:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:150:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:152:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:153:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:154:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:165:	Local variable 'trName' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:166:	Local variable 'trGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:167:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:167:	Local variable 'tr' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:171:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:174:	headerCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:175:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'fMisfireCount'
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:175:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:175:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:175:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:177:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:177:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:181:	Avoid excessively long variable names like candidateNewNextFireTime
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:181:	Document empty method
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:181:	Parameter 'candidateNewNextFireTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:181:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:184:	Document empty method
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:184:	Parameter 'trigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/simpl/RAMJobStoreTest.java:184:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:24:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:32:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:32:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:34:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:34:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:35:	Local variable 'dirtyFlagMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:36:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:39:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:43:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:46:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:47:	Local variable 'dirtyFlagMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:49:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:52:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:52:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:53:	Local variable 'dirtyFlagMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:58:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:61:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:64:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:64:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:65:	Local variable 'dirtyFlagMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:66:	Local variable 'entrySet' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:68:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:72:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:74:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:77:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:77:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:78:	Local variable 'dirtyFlagMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:79:	Local variable 'entrySet' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:81:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:85:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:87:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:90:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:90:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:91:	Local variable 'dirtyFlagMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:92:	Local variable 'entrySet' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:94:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:98:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:100:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:103:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:103:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:104:	Local variable 'dirtyFlagMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:105:	Local variable 'entrySet' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:107:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:111:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:114:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:114:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:115:	Local variable 'dirtyFlagMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:116:	Local variable 'entrySet' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:121:	Local variable 'entrySetIter' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:122:	Local variable 'entryToBeRemoved' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:123:	Local variable 'removedKey' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:125:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:126:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:127:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:129:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:131:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:132:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:135:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:135:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:135:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:136:	Local variable 'dirtyFlagMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:137:	Local variable 'entrySet' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:142:	Local variable 'array' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:143:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:144:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:146:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:147:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:150:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:150:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:150:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:151:	Local variable 'dirtyFlagMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:152:	Local variable 'entrySet' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:157:	Local variable 'array' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:158:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:159:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:161:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:162:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:165:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:165:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:165:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:166:	Local variable 'dirtyFlagMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:167:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:169:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:173:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:174:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:177:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:177:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:177:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:178:	Local variable 'dirtyFlagMap' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:179:	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:181:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:185:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/DirtyFlagMapTest.java:186:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:23:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:25:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:25:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like p
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:26:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:27:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:28:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:29:	The String literal "one" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 29
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:30:	The String literal "two" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 30
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:31:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:32:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:34:	Avoid variables with short names like p2
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:34:	Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:37:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:39:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:42:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:42:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:43:	Avoid variables with short names like p
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:43:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:45:	Avoid variables with short names like p2
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:45:	Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:47:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like p3
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:49:	Local variable 'p3' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:51:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like p4
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:53:	Local variable 'p4' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:56:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like p5
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:58:	Local variable 'p5' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PairTest.java:59:	JUnit assertions should include a message
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParserTest.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParserTest.java:15:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParserTest.java:17:	Local variable 'props' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParserTest.java:20:	Local variable 'propertiesParser' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParserTest.java:21:	Local variable 'propGroup' could be declared final
quartz/src/test/java/org/quartz/utils/PropertiesParserTest.java:22:	JUnit assertions should include a message
